Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
What do Nazis, Aliens, Oracles, and Hellspawn have in common? Everything, apparently, in one of the most badass lineages in gaming history.
Others infamy may be tarnished or changed indefinitely.
Stay tuned for the details and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, February the 4th of 2018, episode number 717 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me is DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I have a problem.
And it needs cowbell?
No.
What's the problem?
I'm on a-
I'm on a hunt for a game.
Oh, what's this?
Robert Mondue.
I don't know if I know that one.
Also known as Jumping Flash 3.
Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know Jumping Flash 3. Why this game?
Because I love Jumping Flash, and I've had a big urge to play Jumping Flash, but I want to play one that I haven't played before.
So, that's why I'm hunting down Robert Mondue, but I kinda don't want to buy it on eBay.
And is it one of those things where it's like, emulators not gonna do it?
Well, it's a PlayStation game.
You could find- I don't know if they're still as prolific as they were when more people had PlayStation, but I remember disk images were not a problem to find back in the day.
Yeah, but there's- I wanna-
Not that I endorse that.
I wanna put it in the PlayStation and then flip the PlayStation upside down so it will actually not skip.
We had to get our Japanese DDR games somehow.
Or play it on my Japanese PS2.
Oh, yeah.
But I really, really super want to play Robert Mondue. That is also funny to say.
I wonder if my Japanese PlayStation 2 still works. It's still around here somewhere, but I don't- you know what I don't have anymore?
Is a CRT TV, except what's in Loki's cabinet. The main cabinet that's just kinda been sitting here for a long time.
That's not a CRT.
Oh, Hi-Tech Master Loki. That's not a CRT. I thought it was.
It's too flat.
That's a monitor.
Oh, wow. So, then I have no CRTs in this house.
I have a CRT.
I thought you did for, uh-
Don't they support HDMI out?
You could- well, no, I'm sorry.
PS2?
The component out.
Yeah.
Does it support component out?
Yeah, I think it does. I think it does.
So you can do that.
Because I remember that Final Fantasy XII, the first time it was out on PlayStation 2, when most people missed it, because the Xbox 360 had just come out.
It supported, like, widescreen mode and stuff, so-
And I also have converters to go from component to HDMI too.
The thing to be careful with that is lag.
Yeah, music games are not gonna be good with that. That's the problem.
Well-
You can adjust, but you can adjust a lot of them.
The one I want is not a music game, but still. But also, when we were playing Guardian Legend through our converter, it was at least two seconds off.
Oh, barf.
It was so hard to play.
Barf. That's unfortunate.
Yeah.
Alright, well, hi, Tech Master Loki. How are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah? How's the adventures in your new- I don't know if you heard this. Welcome back, DarkSakura. You were gone last week, I know.
But I don't know if you heard about- Loki got a DDR Extreme machine in his house.
Nice.
Yeah, so how's the-
I'm playing 30 minutes every day at least.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Good for you. Is it having an impact on weight? Not that it's any of my business, but-
I don't think yet. Not much, if anything. I've been kind of cutting back on stuff too. I haven't been drinking soda. I tried diet soda today, and I'm just gonna stick with water. Thank you very much.
But yeah, I've been cutting back on-
You should try Mio.
Do what?
Mio.
Mio?
It's like a flavor additive. It makes everything taste like delicious Kool-Aid.
I have some if you wanna try it.
Yeah.
It's okay.
Hey, it's gotten me through my 64 ounces a day.
Yeah, I don't mind water. So, I've been just cutting back and watching calories and stuff. So, haven't been eating health. I mean, sort of. Not really healthier, but less, I guess, if that makes sense. So, I'm sure that'll help.
But yeah, just even exercise. 30 minutes. That's about all I can handle now. Well, it's all I have time for, really, in the evenings.
Well, that'll get better. The more you do it, your stamina will increase.
Yeah, I've already noticed-
It's like running.
Yeah, I've already noticed that it's a little bit easier to play some things, but I'm not- I'm definitely not where I was. Like, every last song I try- Okay, let me see if I can do A on Heavy now and see if- Nope. Still can do A on Heavy.
Nope.
Like, my brain can do it, but my feet just don't listen to my brain. They're like, fuck that. No.
Well, let's go to our chat room, because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, over at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
It's a little quieter in chat tonight. It's almost like there's other things going on out there in pop culture that people are paying attention to, but we appreciate-
That aren't worthwhile.
It clearly must be the new Cloverfield movie.
Clearly. But we do appreciate the loyal few that are in our chat room tonight.
S. Jonah and Matt offering some advice here, saying, I switched to flavored seltzer instead of soda. It definitely made a difference. And the DDR will help with the stamina and cardio training for sure.
I don't really miss, like, soda. I mean, it's good every now and then. Like, I- Yesterday, like, we went- My kids wanted me to take them to the round table pizza, so we went there, and, like, I had a coupon with- They included four drinks, so I just- I drank water most of the time.
I was like, I'll just take- I'll just fill a little bit of soda in here, take a sip of it, and then dump the rest out. And that was it. That's all I needed. I didn't really even need it. I was just like, eh.
I'm not that big on soda. Like, I'm actually- Like, I'm weird. I'm totally okay with tap water. Like, it's fine. Water is fine for me. I don't mind a little flavoring. I like, um- You know how, like, in a lot of frozen yogurt shops, they'll have the water, but they do the fruit-infused water, where they, like, cut up strawberries. I like that a lot.
Yeah, they do that at my work. They do the fruit-infused water that they have available. Um, I thought I'd try Coke Zero, because everybody liked Coke Zero. It's alright. I sort of have a headache now.
Just, I don't know if that's because, you know, I'm not drinking a ton of Red Bull during the weekend. Although, I still have a Red Bull each day, so I guess that's technically soda. Um, but whatever. That- I mean, that's the only thing I really have each day.
Um, but, yeah, it's alright. I really don't like the taste of diet soda, though.
You know, though, if you ever find one of those, like, Coke Infinity machines, or whatever they're called, um, add vanilla to it and it makes it taste a lot better.
Oh, Freestyle?
Yeah, whatever they call them.
Yeah.
I haven't had a soda in-
A while.
Two months.
Uh, going to chat again. Uh, Raginator with a gaming topic saying, finally got a chance to play Split Second as of yesterday. That was a, uh, kind of underrated and overlooked racing game that was on the Xbox 360, and my understanding is it just went backwards compatible on Xbox One.
And are they giving that one away for free? Did that end up being a gold game? I thought-
Might be. I don't remember.
I'm sure Raginator knows free games, so I'm sure he'll speak up if it is. But, um, I know- well, I have the disc. I bought that game because I played it at E3 one year, and I thought it was really good.
And then I remember the game- that studio kind of closed after the release of that game, right? That was a Disney game, and Disney kind of-
Was that the Disney one?
Yeah, it was. And Disney kind of backed out of gaming after that. I mean, they lent their licenses and stuff to things like Epic Mickey and obviously things like Kingdom Hearts.
I think they partner up with these 16 studios, but that was like an in-house Disney studio that ended up, unfortunately, folding.
Well, I think that was Black Rock, if I remember correctly, yeah.
Yeah. Uh, Tiger Claw in chat says Split Second was a great racing game. Too bad Black Wolf didn't think so at the time. I don't remember him disliking it. Maybe he did. I don't remember.
I tried it. I remember, um, I- I don't remember if I really got into it or not. It was alright.
Yeah, I think it just kind of came out when a ton of other games went out.
I think the gimmick was, like, the race- like, there would be all these catastrophes and stuff happening at the same time that would change the course, blah blah blah.
You know, if you want to play a game like that, that's kind of ridiculous and stuff, um, Metal Storm Apocalypse is a great game that's very similar.
Uh, Raginators confirms it is a freebie with games with gold for this month, and Crazy Taxi will be free in two weeks.
Well, that's- I thought I owned Crazy Taxi on Xbox 360. I wonder if it's popped up in my backwards compatibility. I haven't checked it a little bit, but, uh, I enjoy Crazy Taxi. That's a fun one.
I don't remember. Does the 360 version bring back the offspring music? Because you kind of have to have the-
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't remember if they have the same music in it.
I thought they replaced it. I know in one version they replaced it. I think it was because the Dreamcast had it. I know the Dreamcast had it right.
And that was the Dreamcast collection is where that's coming from.
Maybe.
Remember they had, like, the Dreamcast collection by this version that has, like, four of the Xbox Live arcade games, and then they, you know, had it separate as well.
Well, let's talk about music and games here at the top of the show with our kickoff topic before we get into our gaming weeks.
Um, not- I don't know. I kind of think this is an interesting, um, thing that's happened with Discord.
You know, Discord has really changed, um, a lot in the past year. I think more and more people are using it, and I think part of that is Pokémon GO.
I think part of that is people don't want to pay for ventrilo servers. Um, another part of that is, um, uh, well, the fact that it's mobile and, uh, on the desktop too.
That's a pretty- pretty nice, uh, side effect with that. And I think Nintendo's lack of online has led a lot of people to using Discord.
You know, and I remember Discord kind of being out there going, like, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey, we're here. If you want to- if you need a Nintendo voice chat thing, we're here.
So, um, anyway, the latest development with Discord is that Spotify has teamed up with Discord.
And, uh, yeah, the interesting thing about tying together Spotify and Discord is so that now you know how Discord will usually list what game you're playing?
Well, if you're not playing a game but you're listening to Spotify, if you want, you have to opt in, obviously.
But it'll tell you- tell people what songs you're listening to, and it actually shows where in the song you are, too, which is kind of interesting.
And if you have a Spotify, I guess, Plus account or whatever it's called, you can actually share and do, like, kind of party rooms with other people.
It's a lot like a site that I know Dark Soccer and I used to love back in the day, Turntable FM. Remember that site? This site was so awesome.
And then, of course, music studios ended up shutting it down because they got greedy, so it was- the party was over over there.
But they're trying to bring that back a little bit with this, but you have to have pro Spotify, which I know not everybody has.
But also the interesting thing with Spotify, you know, you can- well, they have a gaming category on Spotify, which I know is, you know, something there that they're trying to do to reach out to gamers.
But then, of course, the big one is that on PlayStation, you can access Spotify through PlayStation and you can kind of replace the music in a game with Spotify music if you want.
And usually I'm very much the type that's like, you- why would you want to take out the music in a game? You know, like, I want to listen to the music in the game.
But I have found for things like, let's say, Diablo, where there's a lot of grinding and you're kind of doing a lot of the same stuff over and over.
It's kind of like, okay, the music is kind of ambient at this point and I kind of need something else to help me with the grinding.
So I've used Spotify when playing, like, Diablo 3 on PlayStation 4 and I thought I'd ask, I mean, I know- I don't think anybody else- anybody in here is a Spotify premium user except for me.
I think, Jamie, you've used Apple Music, so there's really-
I only use Apple Music.
Yeah, there's no reason to have both, I don't think, and you don't have either one, right, Loki?
I'm not paying for music.
Dan prefers Pandora.
I say that and I just bought an album, you know, on Fridays. I'm not paying for a streaming music-
So you still buy albums as they catch your attention, basically. You're still doing it old school in that sense. That's fine.
And Spotify is not perfect, like, this podcast is still not on Spotify, so there's room for improvement, I have to say.
But anyway, in all seriousness, I'm curious what you guys do when it comes to listening to music and gaming.
Do you always stick with a game soundtrack and you don't listen to anything else, or do you let yourself listen to other music sometimes?
Jamie, I'm kind of curious about you, because you do a lot of-
I listen to what's in-game.
Really? You stick with the game only?
That's why I play the game, is to listen to the music in the game, and play the game, and have the experience that was created for me in the game.
Even stuff you played over and over, like Mass Effect.
Hell yeah. I love all the music in Mass Effect, fuck yeah.
You know, even World of Warcraft, which I'm playing again.
I go to certain areas in the game just to listen to certain music, and I have macros that play certain pieces of music.
Oh, that's interesting.
Like, I have a macro that does the thing that Sylvanas sings, and then the other one that plays on Mount Hyjal.
The one with the singing in the middle that's like, oh, doo doo, and then singing, you know.
My favorite in that game, and this is a deep cut for people that have played the game, but Grizzly Hills with the violins, that was my favorite.
I like Grizzly Hills.
Yeah.
But, I mean, I do quite literally have macros set up in World of Warcraft to listen to certain pieces of music.
I didn't even know you could do that with macros.
Yes, you can.
Interesting, because Final Fantasy set up this whole, like, you can't do it through macros, but you can put, like, in your house a jukebox, basically, and you can play songs.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
There's just some places I'll go that I want to hear other pieces of music, or if I'm tired of listening to a piece and want to hear something in particular, then I'll play them, and I'll give you the macro commands if you want them.
Well, it's interesting you bring up World of Warcraft, because with that one specifically, that is a game where I allow myself to listen to other music.
Just because, you're going to disagree with me here, but for the most part, I find a lot of WoW soundtrack to be a little unremarkable after the first play.
Don't get me wrong, there's some standouts, and the stuff that you named is all standouts, but, like, if I'm just grinding dungeons, like, if I'm leveling a character through dungeons and I'm doing Dire Maul over and over again, I listen to podcasts.
That's, like, the time when I actually listen to podcasts. If not in the car, I listen to podcasts a little bit in the car.
Or, I might listen to some Spotify. Like, I have playlists set up on Spotify, and, you know, they do a good job with some of their randomization.
So, I'll allow myself to listen to that, but it's mostly MMOs only for me. I don't really do it when I'm playing other stuff.
See, I got kind of mad on 14, because I really liked a lot of the music, especially in Uldaa.
And the music would just sort of cut off and go quiet for a while, and I didn't like that.
Oh, the day to night change?
No, not even that. Like, I'd run around and do my quests or whatever, my dailies, and the music just stopped, and then I'd have to change, like, particular areas.
So, it was really just kind of terrible. But, I mean, there's been some games that, like, the music was just really bad. I mean, really bad.
But I was having a fun time. Like, I kind of used to do it for Ragnarok Online, but not anymore. I love the music in Ragnarok Online.
That's why when I play Idle Poring, I've actually used some of my costume coins and, you know, diamonds I've picked up to get extra soundtrack.
I'm going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com to see what some of our listeners think. Dungeon Buster says,
I always listen to the game's soundtrack in full when it comes to RPGs I like to play. Monster Hunter World has a great soundtrack, by the way.
But Dungeon Buster also adds, I almost forgot what the music is like in the MMO I play, because I turned it off and listened to YouTube tracks or internet radio instead while grinding.
So, I think you're kind of like me, where MMOs are kind of the exception.
Ragenator says, 99.9% of the time I prefer to listen to the game's actual music. More often than not, it's pretty good, to the point where I make an effort to buy the soundtrack if it didn't already come as a pack-in bonus with the game.
Oh, here's Brad from Geekspin with a good follow-up here. I'll listen to other stuff in Forza Horizon. That's a pretty good point.
A lot of these racing games and sports games, all their soundtracks are, are like pop music. So, would you replace the pop music with your own pop music?
If they have an option to do that, like I know Grand Theft Auto will allow you to have a radio station that's just playing MP3s off your computer, so as long as it integrates into the game you can do that.
A lot of Xbox 360 games, and I'm assuming to be the same with Xbox One, allowed you to put music on your system and be able to stream that as well, and it would integrate where the sound effects would be playing over everything.
The only real game that I've done that where I've actually swapped out music would be Final Fantasy XI.
I remember you actually went into the coded files and did stuff. Not so much for you, Jamie?
No.
And the other thing too, and this is just kind of, I've taken this sort of stance with movies and everything too, is that someone was paid to make that music. Especially music made for a game.
I'm not talking about pop tunes or things like that. For example, take anything done by Yuzo Koshiro.
That's his job, right? He put passion into making the music, you can tell. The people who did the music for Final Fantasy XIV put work into it, that's what they do. World of Warcraft, again, great music.
These people, I don't think should be putting all this hard work into what they do to have it ignored.
I don't ignore it, but if I've heard it literally a hundred times, it's like I wore it out. I wore the CD out, you know what I mean?
It's just part of the thing for me, especially since I'll sometimes use certain music in-game to figure out when I've crossed an area border.
Okay, I can see that. I can see that. But not so much so, but you do kind of say with the pop music, it's different because they're licensing other music anyway.
For example, I've never listened to a Justin Bieber song ever.
You've been able to avoid Despacito?
Yes.
Consider yourself lucky.
And, for the longest time, I had also never listened to... fuck, who was it that I really hated for a while and refused to listen to anything?
Taylor Swift.
I've listened to exactly two Taylor Swift songs. But yeah, Taylor Swift was the other.
Okay.
But I've made it all this time in my life without listening to a single Justin Bieber song, and if I got a game and he did stuff on the soundtrack, I would not listen to anything else in it just to avoid it.
You're going to get Justin rolled at the supermarket next time you go now.
No.
You're going to be there shopping for whatever, for drinks and stuff, and then you're going to be, baby, baby, baby.
And you're going to be like, who is this little boy on the radio?
I know.
Is this a Tegan and Sarah song? I don't know.
I like Tegan and Sarah.
I love Tegan and Sarah. Anyway.
But no. I've made it this far, and I think I can continue to make it the rest of my life.
Alright. Godspeed to you on that.
You've got to have goals.
And your goal is avoid Justin Bieber for all eternity.
My secondary goal is to see him deported back to Canada, but that ain't happening.
So, you have never heard Despacito.
No. I didn't even know it was a song he did.
I'm not going to be rude.
I don't even think I knew that was a song by that name.
I'm not going to be rude and play it now. That's a shitty thing to do.
And plus, that would mean I have to subject all of you to it. I'm not going to do that.
I'm actually genuinely surprised that she's avoided it. That's an impressive accomplishment.
I only listen-
You should put that on your resume.
I only listen right now.
Well, I mean, I listen to video games, soundtracks, but all the stuff that I listen to is stuff that either you've suggested to me or-
Because I have great taste in music.
Nicki has suggested to me, which right now I'm listening to random combinations of BTS, Monsta X, and what's that other Korean pop band I was listening to?
Oh, is that what Nicki-
Oh, G-Dragon.
Is that what Nicki listens to is K-pop?
Yeah, lots of K-pop. And Retro New Wave.
Okay.
I've really been getting into Retro New Wave. I want a whole game that's Retro New Wave.
Nicki sounds like they have good taste in music.
Nicki is Gary's sister.
Oh, okay.
Who is the complete polar opposite of Gary? Just saying. I know none of y'all know who Gary is, but Gary's one of my friends from my synagogue and his sister is 50 million times cooler.
I like K-pop. I've been here. It seems to be getting more and more of a presence here. I mean, not to go on a tangents about drag queens, but you know, hey, slower night because there's other stuff going on.
But did you see Aja doing the routine to, what is it, to anyone? Is that the K-pop band?
Yeah.
Did you see Aja doing the routine to that?
Sick Ning.
Right, but coming out in Japanese clothing to a K-pop song.
I don't think-
Wait, no, not a K-pop song.
She wasn't wearing Japanese clothes.
No, that was last episode. Sorry.
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. She was wearing like a- I didn't think it was Japanese.
No.
Like the arrow.
Oh no, I was thinking of the last episode instead of Turn Around.
Oh.
But I am impressed with Aja, but sorry. Milk needs to go.
Okay. All right, look.
Fuck you, Milk. I'm lactose intolerant.
Loki, Loki. What's your standpoint on the soundtrack thing? Do you listen to other stuff when you game or do you stick just pure with the soundtrack?
It's mainly just whatever is in the game.
Interesting.
For the most part.
You know what's interesting though is with the Forza Horizon and stuff, I actually really like the soundtrack in Forza Horizon and there's enough variety.
Like there's three different radio stations, like I'll flip between. I'll actually- no, four because I'll actually go to the classical radio station.
Because you know all those games always have a classical radio station. Why? Because they don't have to pay for any of those songs because they're all public domain.
Because they're all dead.
They're all hundreds and hundreds of years old, right?
So I like- I get a lot of sick satisfaction out of like doing like big tricks and flying off of cliffs and all this stuff to like duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh.
Like it's kind of fun.
Beethoven's fifth.
Yeah.
And plus that's the stuff I can get away if I'm streaming those games. Those are the stations I can get away with playing on my feet and not get the quiet because it's classical.
I will say one thing.
Playing a racing game to A Night on the Bald Mountain.
Yeah, exactly.
SSU 100 Matt says, I sometimes listen to different music when playing Overwatch.
But yeah, if you play a lot of Overwatch, you're probably a little tired.
Plus, Overwatch doesn't really have background music during the matches.
I mean, although the thing that Dark Soccer's talking about with audio cues, I noticed that big time in Overwatch.
Like, you know, when the game's about to be over, like the music does start buh duh duh duh duh.
Like it starts pumping because the other team's about to win or you're about to win or whatever.
And then, yeah, they use a lot of musical cues in that.
But you hear it 500 times, you've heard it before type of things. I could see that for Overwatch.
And then I used to listen to podcasts while playing Skyrim a while ago.
Well, see, Skyrim has fantastic music, but when you're out in the world...
But the game's boring as fuck?
No, it's not boring as fuck. Not for me.
For me it is.
But when you're out in the overworld and stuff, it doesn't really play anything at all.
I guess it does.
It has very ambient types of flute-y music that plays.
There's a lot of the same audio cues, too.
You know, there's a series of games that I will personally go to somebody's house and kick them with a steel-toed boot in their head.
If they listen to something else while playing the game.
You're so polite. What is that?
All Silent Hill games.
Oh, come on. You have to listen to the radio.
It's part of the game. And no, I wouldn't do that, but I'd think about it a lot.
I think about all kinds of violence these days.
Scary games, in particular, you have to have the audio there. It's such a huge part of the game.
But Silent Hill in particular.
Yeah, I know, yeah. In particular, because of Kiryamoka, but I would say all scary games.
That's when you need to pump in some Desposito.
Now that's scary.
See, I'll be honest, I didn't even know that that was a song. Until today.
I would sing it, but I'm not going to.
That could be a whole new CD soundtrack line. Now that's scary.
Rob, I would take you singing it over Bieber any day.
Oh, we should go to karaoke sometime, and I'll sing Desposito for you.
And then I'll cry.
And then that way you can say, I finally heard Desposito, but it was the Rob Roberts version.
Exactly. I wouldn't mind going to karaoke, by the way.
Yeah, karaoke would be fun. My friend keeps trying to get me to go to one that they do at one of the bars around here that has a live band backing you up.
I guess that's the new trend, is like, you are the singer of a band.
They do piano bar night at sidetracks.
Oh, okay.
And you can sing along.
I think I've been to sidetracks like once. Once.
We did.
I've been to sidetracks in Chicago as many times as I've been to sidetracks.
They're completely different places, let me tell you.
We did Sister Bingo during all that.
Alright, let's see.
SHO 100 Matt would like to clarify about Skyrim. It's certainly not boring.
I mostly used to play podcasts while playing Skyrim to catch up on my podcast listening while I played for multiple hours.
Sometimes it helped me cue, oh, I just finished blank podcast, which is two hours long. Maybe I should stop playing.
Hey, if you're listening to-
And the next line, and then I don't.
Actually, I should put that out for the listeners.
If you're listening to OLR while you're playing a game, would you please tweet us and let us know what game are you playing while you listen to OLR this week?
Because, especially because of other stuff, which we will not name tonight, I know a lot of you are catching up on this in the podcast feed this week.
So I'd be curious, what game were you playing when you listened to this?
Tweet us at OLR or, cheap plug for Discord since we've been talking about Discord,
join us on the VOG Network Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, and that'll get you the automatic invite, everything you need, and then let us know.
I want to know, like, what game soundtrack did we replace this week?
Jamie, another thought for you?
Something just occurred to me. You were talking about playing, like, classical music when you stream on Twitch.
Yeah.
Is that because your intent is to put it on YouTube later?
No, but Twitch, so, sometimes I stream so late at night that I don't know a lot of people, but I know one or two people.
Honestly, I haven't streamed in a while because I really, really wanted to do more of it this year, but then I took on two podcasts.
So I've been doing, I've been expressing myself creatively in other ways.
I thought Twitch covered the licensing.
For some of their own music, Twitch has, like, their Twitch Safe music, and Twitch covers the licensing of a, like, live radio-style thing, but the problem is playing it back on demand.
So Twitch has the on-demand thing. So, like, I have some people, because I stream late at night, they might go watch my stream the next day to see, like, oh, what did Rob do last night while I was asleep?
And the problem is, if I play licensed music, then, like, 30 minutes of video gets muted.
So that's why I stick with the classical stuff.
But, like, the video game music is never a problem. The problem is, if I play Despacito in the background, which, if you go and watch some streamers that stream a lot of content, like, they play Heroes of the Storm all day long, or they play World of Warcraft all day long,
some of them sit there listening to Spotify while they're doing it, well, those streams get muted because of the background music.
That's what I was talking about, because I don't ever have any background music.
Then you'd be fine.
Just the game.
They're not going to mute anything.
Okay.
But here's the problem. When a game like Forza Horizon uses licensed music, the system doesn't know, oh, that licensed song was for that game.
So it just has a match and says, oh, this is, you know, whatever, I can't think of any songs of Forza Horizon all of a sudden.
Lady Tron, which I actually think was in a soccer game, but whatever, it goes, oh, this is Ace of Hearts.
Oh, hey, there.
And so, yeah, so it goes up, zonk, and it mutes the audio.
So that's why I do the classic music, because that's not going to trigger it.
Does that make sense?
No, it does.
You can't play rock band on Twitch.
Yeah.
But I'm so like, if I were playing like GTA, which I wouldn't, but if I were.
If you were.
Yeah.
To make sure I'm clear, you can play rock band live.
It's just, if somebody tries to go back and watch it later, they're just going to hear silence.
That just means you're really good.
So that just means that I'm fine streaming something like Air Zonk.
Since you don't, yeah, you don't replace your music, you'd be fine.
And I don't really tend to replace mine either. I just have to be aware.
And now a lot of games these days, like I want to say Crypt of the Necro Dancer is one of them.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but some of them have a switch in the menus.
You go in and say broadcaster mode and what it'll do, it'll strip out anything that is like license that could trigger it and only keep original songs.
So like a lot of games are starting to do that now.
That's cool.
Yeah.
But, but no, I mean, I, and I mentioned it to you, Dan and I are looking at our old consoles and thinking about, you know, streaming them, the two of us together, like once a week.
That'd be fun.
So.
She Hulk in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says rock band is a fun party game.
It is a fun party game.
I wish I, well, I have some bad news about rock band tonight.
We'll get into that a little later in the show, but I don't want to, I don't want to be a downer.
I do hope, even though I personally was a little disappointed in rock band four, um, I do hope they make another game.
I do hope they're able to correct some of those things.
So the rock band five, and I also think rock band four is in a better place now than it was when it released.
Like rivals helped a lot.
Rivals is kinda, I think would have been great if the game was that when it first came out, but you know, you live, you learn, right?
So we'll see.
I hope they do another one, but it is a fun party game.
Even today.
All right.
Speaking of party games, let's talk about the types of video games that we've been playing this week in a segment that we call how was your gaming week and dark soccer.
We'll start with you.
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Well, I did the whole reason that I do not have dragon ball fighter Z is because I bought battle for Azeroth.
So, oh, you did the whole pre-order the collector's edition.
Okay.
So you have, do you don't have the app?
They still have the allied races locked behind reputations, right?
But they opened up on, um, uh, the level, the skip to one 10.
Okay.
For everything except demon hunter.
And so, um, since I'm mostly playing hoard on proud more, I figured I would use my, um, level skip just to make a brand new mage because I'm kind of tired of leveling in the blood elf area.
Sure.
Because I played nothing but blood elves.
So I started playing trolls.
Trolls are cool.
Um, I've also been playing, um, animal crossing, uh, pocket camp.
Um, they brought out new animals, including one very frightening clown creature named Pietro who, and oh my God, the new, um, the new, uh, fuck, what do they call them?
Uh, not resources, the word that wants to come to mind, but it's, uh, amenity, um, is like this big stitched up ugly clown face thing.
And I swear I'm only going to have it long enough to get rid of it so I can get the points from my, from my visitors at my camp.
But, uh, want Pietro to go away.
Pietro is the new Ed.
Actually no Ed is still terrible.
So Ed can stay away forever.
Um, I'm also still playing idle pouring.
Um, I don't really know if I'm playing much else.
So I was playing, I was actually playing Bust A Move, like Puzzle Bobble, Bust A Move and having a lot of fun.
Nice.
Um, but I'm kind of thinking that when Dan and I do our stream, we're going to start off with maybe KOF 98 or maybe start off with something on the Neo Geo like Magician Lord or something.
So we were just talking and I want ideas from people.
I don't think you see a lot of Neo Geo games stream these days.
I mean, you might see the stuff that's on Nintendo Switch from Neo Geo, but even then I don't think you see a lot of that.
The emulation on those is kind of not great anyway, but, um, there's nothing like playing like, or even just hooking up the Dreamcast and playing like Last Blade, something like that.
You know, but we're, we've been kind of doing some inventory on some stuff and you know, I, oh, we, I played, I played a non-video game game.
Okay.
I played darts. We have a dart board.
Oh yeah. Yeah. You guys have that. Well, it's not just any dartboard either. It's one of those electronic fancy pizza parlor dartboards.
And so Dan, uh, I've only played darts twice, so I played darts with Dan. He won. We played 301 and he won.
Although we were, every game was like neck and neck right toward the end, just making sure you can hit that, the one spot to close out your points.
But it was pretty fun. You know, I, I like throwing pointy objects at things with the intent to stab them.
I hit the wall once I made plastic tip, dart, go into drywall. Go me. Okay. That's it.
All right. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a whole ton of stuff. I mainly just, uh, dance dance revolution.
Um, so I've been playing that, like I said, every day about 30 minutes. Um, just, you know, easy stuff.
I usually start off with a nonstop course and then to warm up and just pick songs that I feel that I can actually accomplish.
And then also, um, kind of push it a little bit, but it's mainly just been playing on standard mode because like I said, it's been at least 10 years that I've played DDR and like a regular capacity.
So it's, it's going to take a while to get back up to that again, because it took a few years to get to that point in the first place.
So just been taking it easy. Um, and then along with that, you know, I've been also playing, um, Stardew Valley still.
It's kind of boring. Um, I don't know. It's, it reminds me a lot of like animal crossing, just with all like the fetch quests and stuff, except there's a little bit more flexibility with what you can kind of, you know, create in your house and like, you know, design your own kind of farm and everything.
But I don't know. It's all right. The story's kind of dumb, but I'm thinking I'm almost finished with it based off of what I've seen, you know, like in some of the facts and stuff.
So hopefully just get all the achievements and then I'll be done with that. So that's, that's pretty much it. Oh, a little bit Pokemon and a little bit of, um, Ingress, but yeah, not much of that.
All right. Um, my gaming week, um, honestly, I'm so disappointing lately. I haven't been playing a lot of new stuff. It's still kind of the same old standards. I've still been playing Final Fantasy 14.
I discovered how much I really enjoy playing Red Mage. Like the first time I tried doing it, I must have been doing something wrong, but now I'm like so into like how the class plays and how you like fly in and out of melee. That's a lot of fun.
Uh, I did play Wow for a hot minute cause I helped get that guild over on Proudmoore that I'm assuming you and, uh, uh, Mr. Slidekick from a game buoy are playing together. Yeah. I helped with getting that sign. So I played that for a hot minute.
Um, and, uh, let's see, which I actually think, what did he end up naming it? Did he give it the acronym VOG? I don't remember. That was something he was thinking of doing. He was going to call it something where the acronym was VOG, but it was like veil of ghouls or something.
It was something. Yeah, something like that. But, um, actually speaking of which I'm planning on talking to him about restarting Hillsbrad Blues. Yeah. I think it'd be fun if you guys like did a Wow. I know that's a comic, but if you guys did a Wow show or something, it'd be fun.
Good. Well, we got a gap. You can have the name Horde House for sale. Time to message somebody. Uh, of course I guess I'd have to get some other boys to sign off on that. Uh, but anyway, in all seriousness, uh, besides that, I've also been playing Heroes of the Storm still.
I bought Hanzo. Finally, I got enough gold to buy Hanzo, who's probably more fun to play in Heroes of the Storm than he is in Overwatch. And then, uh, I actually, okay, so here I go again, buying a game on more than one platform.
I bought Final Fantasy 12, the Zodiac Age on PC, cause it just came out a couple days ago, but hear me out y'all. The PC version runs 60 frames a second, which the PlayStation 4 one doesn't do, and it will do some higher resolutions.
So like I can't do 4K at 60 frames a second. My graphics card isn't good enough, but I can do like 1440 or I think, I think I might even be on like two, two, 2K, whatever that is, Ultra HD. Uh, and it looks so good. Like it really looks good.
Uh, it's for me, it's noticeably better than PlayStation 4. And I don't, I don't know if it's because my monitor is probably better than my TV, which is most certainly the case. I don't think that's anything about the PlayStation hardware, but yeah, it's just, it looks really good.
So I kind of don't regret making the purchase, but I only played a little bit of that just enough to do the intro to see how it ran. And then I am thinking that might be a thing that I pick up 15. Now they put up the tech demo or not the benchmark for it.
I hate to say it, but I'm giving it some thought and I kind of hate myself a little bit for doing it, but 12 looks so much better that like if 15 looks that much better too. I don't know. It's Ooh.
I have to go back and play. I haven't even played 15 really.
You want to borrow mine?
No, I haven't. I bought it. Like I bought it at launch. Like I even got like, was it the zero or whatever that was, you know, um, type zero. And I have that and I played through that a little bit, but like, I don't know. It's a combat system, man. It just really turns me off on the game. I like, I like my turn-based combat. It's kind of disappointing. I'll give it a try again someday.
I just, I just want them to hurry up and announce Final Fantasy 16 already. Although with the seven, I think the seven remake is Final Fantasy 16. I know that doesn't make any sense, but I feel like the effort and the stuff they're putting into this is like, that's what we're getting instead of Final Fantasy 16 right now.
Like we'll get Final Fantasy 16 eventually, but it's just that much longer. We're going to have to wait. So we'll see. We'll see.
Anyway, that's right. Besides the mobile gaming, I've also been playing a little bit of Ingress, a little bit of Pokemon Go, but, um, actually a lot of Pokemon Go.
Oh yeah, both of those two.
I'm halfway through level 35. Woo. So, you know, and I've only got, I think like 4 million AP to go in Ingress till I hit level 16. So I want to get to that like super sick, sad individual where I'm level 16 in Ingress and level 40 in Pokemon Go.
And I know I wouldn't be the first. I'm sure there's other people out there, but I know it's a very exclusive, sick, sad club. And then when the Harry Potter game comes out, I'll be max level in that too.
So I'll go for the whole trifecta of sadness.
Alright. That's it for our gaming weeks. So we'll do some quick housekeeping. Of course, you can always follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. I mentioned the Discord a minute ago as well.
We're on Facebook. Sadly, we've been neglecting putting a lot of content on Facebook, but maybe we'll think of what we can do over there. Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio if you want to at least follow the show.
And I want to also just give a quick shout out for my side project because it's now available in iTunes and Google as of this week. And that show is called Shaking and Crying.
It's not games. It's pop culture, geek culture, and sass with myself and Aria Snark, who's a very talented cosplayer lady. So we talk about, you know, I think we talked about Celebrity Big Brother this week and how we didn't know any of the people that were on it.
Well, I knew about half the cast, but Victoria knew less than that.
Which, by the way, congrats.
Oh, to Courtney Act on the UK.
Courtney Act.
Yeah, Courtney Act. She's going to be big. I bet you she has a hosting gig.
Classy as fuck.
If there is, I mean, not to sidetrack too much, but if there is justice in this world, Courtney and Andrew will have like a road trip show in the UK. Because I don't know if you've been following their bromance, but it's one of those things where it's like, so cute.
You know what, though? I did find a gem on YouTube of Trixie Mattel and Courtney Act singing a duet.
She was on once and it was really funny.
But I think I posted it in a certain group.
Anyway, all right, let's move on. We're going to talk about some video game news.
Let's talk about everybody's, well, I should say the least favorite company, fifth least favorite company in the US from the last poll I saw.
Uh oh.
It's EA.
EA.
What'd they do now?
Nothing.
Another stinky turd.
EA announced that they're delaying. Oh, I'm sorry.
They're putting out Anthem at a date that is later than when they originally specified.
Because it's not a delay.
It is not a delay, according to Blake Jorgensen.
Don't call it a delay. It's simply coming out at a later time.
How about never? How about do a good Mass Effect?
I'm sorry, I'm just cracking up in the hole.
It's not a delay.
I know we announced fall 2018. Fall 2018 is just coming out later, that's all.
The fall is delayed, not our game.
The fall has been delayed.
The Groundhog came out again and said that there was going to be more summer.
Climate change is not real.
Fall has just been delayed.
And Anthem will come out now in fall of 2019 because fall is winter.
Is everybody following me?
Follow me. No? That's okay? Just enjoy Anthem when it's fucking ready.
Well look, I will give EA credit for this despite this obvious sense of what the fuckery.
I will give them credit for knowing when to delay a highly anticipated game when they need to
because they misfired on that call last time.
My concern is that they are still going to force BioWare to put that out in the fiscal year whether it's ready or not.
And I'm maybe not as extreme as Jamie is on this, but my feathers are pretty...
I was in Anthem at E3 and the more I marinated on it, my feathers are pretty ruffled about the way EA has treated BioWare and has treated Mass Effect.
So I know it sucks because I know there's a lot of people that are working hard on Anthem, but I'm just...
I'm not inclined to support it.
They're just setting them up to fail or disappoint.
Kinda. Kinda.
But anyways, so along with that, of course, their excuse, I guess, or maybe the justification is that there's going to be a new Battlefield game coming out later this year.
So a sequel to Battlefield 1 or Battlefield 2, a new modern Battlefield game. No one knows yet.
Let's do Battlefield Medieval Times. They already have a medieval first person combat game like that, but why not? Let's just go back further.
And then, of course, there's some comments regarding, you know, the next Battlefield 3.
You know, like they haven't really said anything about Battlefield 3 yet, but of course there's going to be a new Star Wars game that's going to be coming out fiscal 2020, which ends in March 2020.
So we'll see something coming out then.
And then, of course...
Unless EA decides that the fiscal year has been delayed.
And then I know...
We actually took over all the banks and we've actually delayed the fiscal year. So it's not a delay, it's the fiscal year moved.
The fiscal year moved. And then, of course, as a shock, I mean, they made comments also about loot boxes and gambling saying,
We do not believe that loot boxes are a form of gambling and a lot of countries agree with us.
A lot of countries agree with us? Is that the quote, really?
What a dump thing to say.
That is the quote.
Which countries? There's a lot of countries. There's some countries you don't want on your side.
It's not literally gambling. It's just like...
Metaphorically gambling.
Metaphorically gambling. It uses the same predatory tactics that you use to get people to constantly gamble.
And then, of course, with that...
You know what? I want to buy EA a fucking dictionary. That's what I want to buy EA.
And then smack everybody there with a clue by four?
No, because I know people at EA that work very hard. EA executives, I would smack with a Merriam-Webster.
Well, yeah.
Obviously, right?
And I have really terrible news for you about Star Wars Battlefront II.
Uh oh.
So Battlefront II, and we really should feel so bad for EA. I mean, they are just hurting right now.
It's reported that it sold short of their 10 million copy estimate. It's only sold 9 million copies.
Only 9 million copies.
And because we feel so terrible for them, we should totally embrace in open arms the reintroduction of paid currencies for their loot boxes and microtransactions, which will be coming soon.
How do we turn 9 million into 10 million? By financially fucking the 9 million people we have and squeezing that 10 million dollars out of them.
That's how to do it.
So, yes. So there...
And, of course...
Oh, and this is great.
Gotta love...
God trust EA.
CEO Andrew Wilson.
Go quoting.
You shouldn't believe everything you read in the press.
We have tremendous relationship with Disney and we have built some amazing games together and have been very proactive with the relation in service to our other players.
That's another dump wording too.
Fake news?
Is that a quote from Chitolini? Like, wait. Say that again. Say that again.
So, okay. It says, you shouldn't believe everything you read in the press.
Fake news. Don't watch CNN. Fake news.
We have a tremendous relationship with Disney and we have built some amazing games together.
Well, I don't know why I'm putting us out there.
We have a bigly relationship.
We have a bigly relationship with Norway. We wish more people from Norway would move here.
And we have been very proactive with that relation or with that...
Wait, that doesn't make any sense.
And we have been very... I'm gonna read this as exactly as it's quoted.
Okay.
Okay. So, we read this whole last part.
You should really...
Loki's tripping up because it doesn't make any fucking sense.
Because it reads like a dump tweet?
We have had a tremendous relationship with Disney and we have built some amazing games together, and we have been very proactive with that relation in the service of our players.
I don't... I think there should be a word in there somewhere.
In relation to the... This doesn't seem like it makes sense.
Our tax cuts have been tremendous.
Walmart gave their employees $1,000. They closed all the Sam's clubs.
It gets better. Hold on.
We're at the point where when we make a decision that we have the right model for players in our community,
I have no doubt that we will get the support at Disney on that.
Discussing, of course, the microtransaction model that they were going to be putting back in the battlefront.
So, I think the EA CEO should only be allowed to speak in emojis from here on out because it would make more sense.
That's why he's having trouble making words because he only speaks emoji.
Okay. We need to take the box of crayons and the helmet away from...
Actually, there's good reason to tonight. We'll get into that a little later. The crayons are up for grabs.
Well, especially... Who did we give them to before? Kudaragi?
I thought it was Kazurai.
Yeah, it was. It was. But he's thankfully doing an okay job now.
Spoiler alert. He's retiring. It's coming up later in the show, so...
That's why I said he's doing okay right now.
So, we need to... We can take the leash and the bike helmet off of him and give it to good old Chris there.
It's like I can't keep...
Andrew, whatever.
I can't compete on that level with Andrew Joseph.
White boy name.
Anyway, all right.
So, yes, I'm sure that those microtransactions and stuff will be embraced with open arms and stuff.
And they totally haven't... I'm surprised that they sold...
Open arms or open butt cheeks.
Can we talk about this real quick? Because it's EA related. It's not on the show roll, but it was all over Twitter this week.
And if you really want to talk about fake news, I want to talk about this real quick.
This rumor that Microsoft is buying EA.
What the fuck are you all smoking in perpetuating that rumor?
Do you know where that rumor came from?
It came from a Polygon article, which should be your first warning.
Your second thing is that it was an analyst.
An analyst said it would be a good move for Microsoft to get the first party exclusives for Microsoft to buy EA.
It could happen. Monkeys might fly out of my ass. It could happen.
Party on, Wayne. Monkeys are flying out of Rob's ass and Microsoft is buying them.
Look, if the news comes out tomorrow that Microsoft bought EA, I will happily let you do the Photoshop.
Okay, if the monkeys are gonna fly out of your ass, use an enema first.
Here's the thing. It blows my mind how that rumor...
And I will give, as much shit as we're giving this EA guy here, and rightfully so, I will give him some credit.
Don't believe everything you read.
Because this Microsoft and EA thing is a perfect example of this.
Because where did this fucking analyst set...
Which, you can't spell analyst without anal, by the way.
So, if you want a fucking prediction, call Ms. Cleo, okay?
Ms. Cleo's in jail, right? No, she died.
Yeah, Ms. Cleo died. But you'd still probably get a better prediction.
Do you think she saw that coming?
Fuck right off. Anyway.
Hey, to quote Ask a Mortician, you're all gonna die.
Anyway, my point is, is that the games media, now it's this headline.
Rumor, Microsoft to buy EA. That's not even a rumor.
Somebody literally made that up. Literally made it up.
They didn't even say it was gonna happen. They said it should happen.
This is a suggestion.
Video game industry fanfic right now.
Oh, that's a perfect way to put it. Video game industry fanfic.
Oh my god, that's a perfect way to describe it.
This is someone's yaoi fanfiction, where Microsoft and EA make out and then have a corn cob.
What did everybody that was at NeoGaf, where did they all go? What's the new thing?
Era? Era? Era?
NeoGaf?
That era is fanfic. That's all it is. Not all of it.
Is there another website now?
Yeah, there is. All the NeoGaf people went to some new place.
Oh, I thought NeoGaf was just, they were still at NeoGaf.
No, I think it's still there, but now there's like two houses.
Era?
Yeah, era something. Resetting era?
Resetti?
Resetti, that's it. Resetti era. Maybe, I don't know.
No, I'm just making stuff up because that's from Animal Crossing.
Alright, anyway. Yeah, so the Microsoft and EA thing, total crap.
Seriously, watch how that is spreading around the gaming industry.
It's crazy. Like, people are writing up these articles for clicks.
Like, it's the thing that's most broken in gaming journalism right now.
I mean, I can't believe here I am talking actually about actual ethics in gaming journalism, but here we are.
Like, it's a new year, I guess. Anything's possible.
Oh my god. Let's not do the gate thing again.
Nah, it's not.
It's tied gate all over again.
Nope, nope. Them gate's been wired shut.
Let's move on to another story, shall we?
Let's talk about Mario Kart coming to smartphones.
Now, this isn't fake news. This is something that they've actually said is going to happen.
The original Mario Runner game came out, then Animal Crossing, then now Mario Kart.
Nintendo did confirm this via their Twitter, and I believe it was some type of financial announcement over in Japan.
They announced that Mario Kart Tour will be coming out at some point before March 2019.
Which is a hell of a window, but it's basically this fiscal year. Here we go again with the fiscal years.
But that's all they said. No screenshots, no nothing. Just that Mario Kart is kind of the next game on their agenda.
Although, no, it's not the next game on their agenda because they confirmed a Zelda thing was coming at some point.
So Zelda I kept, because I've played touch screen Zelda on the DS, and they have a system that works well for touch screen.
If it's Phantom Hourglass or Hyrule Warriors type of thing, you'll be fine.
Exactly. That stuff, it worked pretty well. However, there's been several Mario Kart knockoff games on mobile platforms, and they're not that great.
It's the lack of buttons thing again.
You know, we all know how it's going to be controlled. You're going to tilt your damn phone.
You're going to tilt your damn phone, that's how it's going to work.
Well yeah, it'll be just like the other mobile games that they have where you tilt the phone and they have on screen buttons for other things.
Assuming that it plays like a Mario Kart game. I don't see why it wouldn't, but there is the possibility it could be more like a football manager type of thing.
Where maybe you're getting resources and racing, maybe making tracks and watching your karts race on it.
I mean, it doesn't have to be a straight up Mario Kart game. We're kind of making that assumption.
But without a tangible controller.
I think that would be terrible.
I don't think it would be great either, but I'm just saying we are kind of making an assumption it's going to be like any other Mario Kart game.
And without a tactile control, I just think that's going to be so weird.
But the wheel thing on the Wii with kids was big. It's just going to be your phone now. That's what they're going to do.
Maybe they can have some cardboard crap that you can strap to it to make some like...
Funny, funny you mention that because Kaijuto in chat says Labo should let kids make a cardboard Mario Kart.
That would be kind of fun.
It would be, but this is smart phones.
But they should let adults do that.
It's not the Switch, it's smart phones. Unless Mario Kart 9 confirmed?
Well they technically have something like that. I mean there's that whole motorcycle racing game that they showed with Labo where you had like pedals and stuff.
Oh yeah, they showed that briefly.
They sort of already have that, but...
I mean, we're talking about mobile games.
Just because we have a Mario Kart doesn't mean we shouldn't get an F-Zero game.
Oh yeah, mobile F-Zero game. That would look like shit.
No, no, no. Not on fucking mobile. No, no, no. You stay the fuck away from mobile F-Zero.
I mean an actual Switch game.
You know, I've played some really gorgeous games on my iPhone X. They look astounding.
So I think that yeah, a top end device would have no problem with something like F-Zero.
I'm not worried about the way it'll look. I'm worried about the way it'll play.
That's the only problem.
It could look like Super Mario Kart, the first one, but it's gonna control like shit.
Yeah. Well anyway, more to come on that in the future. There's a whole year and then some for that to come out.
Anyway, it should also be mentioned as part of this same financial announcement.
Nintendo dumped a bunch of news the other night, and I think it was because they were doing a financial announcement in Japan.
They also have confirmed Nintendo Switch Online is confirmed to launch in September 2018.
That's been pushed back again, although there were rumors that it was going to be pushed back from what the Italian website had done.
Well, I don't know. But anyway, confirmed now, September 2018 is the new go-live date.
They're still saying $20 a year, and that's gonna allow you to play Switch games online.
And the classic archive will finally show up.
Super Mario Bros. 3, Balloon Fight, Dr. Mario have all been teased before.
Again, we're only going off of things that have been announced previously.
There's no guarantee Nintendo is keeping any of this the same, but we're assuming all this stuff is still in place for September of 2018.
Now, I would assume, here I go, but I'm gonna assume, if it's coming out in September, E3 is going to be a great time for them to finally explain the classic game shit, and how that's gonna work.
Well, here's the other thing to consider, too, that I just now thought about with Nintendo's system.
So, because the Switch is a portable system, most of these games that are multiplayer are available multiplayer locally, right?
So, what did they do before when they had local multiplayer games, and they wanted to get around the whole online thing?
They would tunnel. They would have warp pipe or something like that to play local area games over the internet.
So, if this service sucks, and it's not even worth the $20 they were paying for it, that's how people are gonna get around that shit.
Because most of those games, because it is a portable system, support local area play, and that's how they're gonna get around all this bullshit.
Hackers gonna hack, you mean?
Exactly.
Alright, let's move on with some more news. More pushbacks, right, Jamie?
Yep. Red Dead Redemption 2, which I know a lot of people have been super hyper about.
Maybe one in this room?
Well, I was thinking of Dan.
Okay.
Dan's really, really into that.
They were, it was supposed to be out Fall 2017. They pushed it back once to Spring 2018, and now they pushed it to October 26th, 2018.
It's also my brother's birthday, so maybe.
But anyway, but they said, and this is the quote,
We apologize to everyone disappointed by this delay. While we had hoped to have the game out sooner, we require a little extra time to polish.
I like that. I would rather, again, that a game be delayed and come out right than them just putting out some shit and then polishing a turd.
In this day and age, I think we've all learned our lesson. Let this game take the time it needs to be done.
A good wine needs to age.
I'm not worried about Rockstar Games. When it comes to polishing stuff, I'm not, they'll, it's fine.
They'll deliver.
They did the same thing with Grand Theft Auto 5, and look how that turned out. I mean, oh, that was such a terribly selling game. It only sold tens of millions of copies.
Are you worried about the online component of Red Dead Redemption 2?
No, not really, because I own, like, Grand Theft Auto 5, and I mean, nowadays, like, I really should.
It's funny, because, like, once again, I watch people play Grand Theft Auto Online, but I don't actually go and play Grand Theft Auto Online, even though I have it on multiple systems.
It, there's so many options to, like, gain experience and stuff in the game. Yeah, there's a lot of grindy things with it, but it's, now they have, like, so many options available to you.
Like, if you just wanted to, like, play online races and earn money and experience that way, you could probably do that.
And so there's a lot of stuff out there, plus all the user-generated things, which is pretty awesome. So they have, like, you know, people can make their own custom race courses in there, and a lot of people play that, and there's lots of unique game modes coming out of that.
So I am looking forward to how Red Dead does it, and yeah, I'm sure they'll have the shark cards or some equivalent to that, you know, money bags or whatever the hell it's gonna be in Red Dead, but it's not required.
I mean, granted, they'll try to push you in that direction, but yet, ultimately, you don't need to do it, and honestly, the single player is worth the price of admission anyways, so I'm honestly okay with it.
Dungeonbuster in our chat, excuse me, over at live.vognetwork.com says, delaying Witcher 3 turned out pretty good for that game. Same with taking off a year to make sure AC Origins would be good. So delays aren't bad news anymore.
The big thing about this, though, is that while they've announced PS4 and Xbox One, we still have nothing about a PC version, which, I mean, a lot of people are, you know, pretty hardcore PC gamers now, especially since you have a lot more flexibility on PC than you do on the home consoles.
I think it'll just come out later on PC.
Kind of like how GTA did.
Yeah, exactly.
That's how all of their PC versions have...
Yeah, they're worried about the piracy element of it.
I just want to see it modded.
Yeah, yeah.
Alright, well, let's move on with some more news for the people playing on PlayStation 4.
Yeah, so now there's a little bit more, you know, kind of an answer to the question, well, I won't, you know, should I get PlayStation 4 Pro? I don't own a 4K TV. What's it in for me?
Well, now they're adding system-wide super sampling to the system, so now that's going to be coming in firmware update 5.5, and it's basically going to allow games to render at a higher resolution than displayed on the screen, making the image look less aliased and also a little bit sharper, so that's kind of cool.
And, you know, still thinking about it. Haven't done it yet, but I am considering it just for the PlayStation VR stuff, and eventually a 4K TV.
Yeah, see, I'm the audience for this, because I don't have a 4K TV, but I do, yeah, super sampling stuff sounds really exciting.
Actually, I have been using, the PlayStation is now in my office, hooked up to my 4K monitor, so I have been using it here and there a little bit, but I don't really, I mean, a lot of the games don't, like, suddenly render in 4K.
It's like a lot of the interface stuff is 4K, and some things here and there might be, but usually the games themselves don't get, like, this gigantic upgrade visually. It might get, like, more frames a second.
Yeah, more performance, more details and stuff like that, but it's kind of worth it. I'm waiting for the price to come down a little bit on that, just because I do have a PlayStation 4 already, and it's fine for what I'm using it for, so I don't know.
Maybe later, maybe when they come out with that new rumored controller for VR and stuff, and then I can kind of get a more powerful system to go with a new TV that hopefully I'll have at that time.
All right. Well, you know, we play a little bit of Pokemon Go around here. I think all the hosts played that game a little bit, and I know some of you are still playing it.
Niantic, the company that makes that game, as well as Ingress, which we talked about a couple weeks ago on this show in depth, Niantic made another interesting acquisition this week.
They already acquired one company a few weeks ago that does, like, the, I think it was, like, the avatars and stuff. Now they've acquired Escher Reality.
Escher Reality focuses on the, quote, persistent cross-platform multi-user experiences, and it's through AR.
Escher's been doing AR a while, I guess, and even Escher's CEO, Ross Finman, in an interview with TechCrunch said, everyone thought we were crazy at that time, but Escher is now working on creating AR developer toolkit to work on mobile.
Apple has their AR kit. Google has AR core. They all have toolkits, but Escher specifically is focusing on the multi-platform and multi-user experiences.
So could Niantic be trying to get in on this for Pokemon Go? They've already released some AR stuff where, like, the Pokemon are in the room. I did it once.
It was, like, one of those, oh, that's kind of neat, and then that was it. I never did it again.
I like to catch a Dratini in the toilet. It was great. I wish I still had that screenshot.
It's probably better for kids, but for me, it was, like, I did that once, and I was, like, okay, I'm already over it.
But this is interesting because this makes it sound like maybe you will battle other people in the real world, but through the phones.
So I don't know if that would be, like, something that works into an existing game, like, maybe an Ingress if I see a blue agent show up.
I can start zapping them or something, but I just, that would kind of change that game significantly.
Maybe Niantic is developing something for the Harry Potter game. Maybe this is how the spells are going to work or something.
Wizarding duels.
Who knows? Yeah, maybe. So it may not be for one of their existing games.
Cast a spell. Throw your phone.
And, but you have to yell when you do it. You have to do Avada Kedavra or whatever the thing is they say to kill people. Right?
Right, Darsakha? That's what you have to do.
I wouldn't want to kill people. I would want to use the septum separa.
But you have to throw your phone when you do it.
Which would basically just rip people to shreds. They could live through that, but they'd hurt for a while.
I'm sorry, was that a little too violent?
No, that's fine. So Niantic's been buying some companies, but it's going to be a little while before we know what they do with them.
You know what? Microsoft should buy Niantic.
Why not?
No.
Since Microsoft has infinite pockets. That would be great. Yes, Niantic should really be developing games for the Xbox One. That sounds like a great idea.
It's a mobile device. Strap it to your body. Somehow have some sort of gas power generator to power the thing. It could be done.
It could be done.
It's dieselpunk at that point.
Anyway, we need to go back a few years, Darsakha.
Okay. Well, you know I love some classic games, right?
Well, and apparently I didn't realize that y'all had already talked about the Replicade X Centipede.
There is a new Kickstarter for Replicade X Tempest.
So, is it X or X? I don't know if it's supposed to be.
But it's going to be a one-sixth scale machine that is going to be Tempest in all of its beautiful vector glory.
And they've just passed their funding goal of $20,000.
And so, in fact, they've hit $100,000.
If you pledge $90 to this, you'll get the machine, but you can also do higher tiers for more machines.
But, you know, I think it's going to be interesting. It's a 3.5 inch LCD screen with LED backlighting.
And runs on micro-USB lithium-ion batteries. So, we'll see.
I think it's going to be cool. I mean, I wouldn't mind having one.
But then again, I also do have an UltraCade in my garage. Just saying.
Do you kick it regularly?
I do. I hit it with a dart.
Oh, good.
Ours is technically not like an actual UltraCade, but a Pandora's box.
Okay.
But it's in an UltraCade cabinet.
Yeah. I love the idea of this. This is perfect for me. Like an itty bitty cabinet.
I like this idea more than I do the Centipede one.
Because I was like, God, that Centipede joystick is going to be so tiny and hard to play.
Centipede's rollerball. Trekball.
Oh, that's right. It's a Trekball. But, well, maybe that will work okay.
I mean, Tempest, that I think would work pretty well with a little dial, even if it's small.
Let's be a tiny little nipple.
I think it'd be big enough. I mean, probably the screen size and everything would probably be around about,
like, what my iPad one is. What's that thing called again?
The XCade? No. Is that what it was called?
I-Cade.
I-Cade. That was it.
Oh, you have one of those?
I do have an I-Cade. I never use it, but I do have one.
It's in the garage.
No, that's what we have.
Mine is in the garage.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange On Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase SEAL.
All right. Well, Loki, what do you have for us?
So, going back even further, there was a world record originally held by a guy named Todd Rogers for the game Dragster that was on the Atari.
And he also held the world record for having the longest undisputed record in a video game as well.
Well, it was undisputed for a reason. It's impossible.
So, apparently, after some research, because no one's been able to get close to this, there was a speed runner that created with Eric Omnigamer Coziel.
He created a tool assisted run, basically allowing him to create the fastest possible time.
And it can only get it down to 5.57 seconds using all the tools available to him.
And basically saying even without tools, it would be impossible to get close to that as well.
And based on the findings and people testing it, there's just no way to ever hit that time.
So, because of that, what happened?
Well, a whole bunch of backlash.
So, first, all of Todd Rogers...
And there's a little bit more drama behind it, too, because I actually did watch a video regarding this Todd Rogers guy.
So, apparently, he had a friend at Twin Galaxies who would vet his scores for him despite not really having evidence.
And sometimes they wouldn't even really have...
Ooh, ouch.
You know, it would just basically be submitting stuff without any evidence.
And then he claims that there's tapes out there, but they lost the tapes, you know?
So, anyways, so not only has he had this taken off of Twin Galaxies, he's been disqualified from the Twin Galaxies scoreboards altogether.
So, he's had all of his records removed from the database.
And the Guinness Book World Records has also removed his two records from their books or database as well.
So, he no longer holds the world record for Dragster and he no longer holds the world longest standing video game record.
Maybe he could have one, though, for the longest standing video game scam.
He's still claiming that he's innocent, but he says,
Although I disagree with their decision, I must applaud them for their strong stance on the matter of cheating.
While I do maintain that Twin Galaxies is wrong in my particular case,
if the investigation into my scores and subsequent banning can serve as a catalyst to clean the database of questionable scores and facilitate methods to catch further cheaters, this is a positive thing.
He's fucking guilty. He knows it.
Interesting. Now, did you hear, I know it's not in the show role, but there was a very, very similar thing this week that involved Billy Mitchell and Donkey Kong.
Oh, the fuck did he do this time?
That basically somebody was able to prove, and I think it's by the way the screens draw, that some of his scores, the ones that were above a million, were actually done on MAME emulators.
They were not done on an actual cabinet.
But I believe he still holds a high score. It's not like, but here's the difference.
We know Billy Mitchell is capable because one of the scores he got in front of like a live audience at a expo sort of thing.
So I think it's very different. And I don't want to necessarily lump these two stories together.
Right.
But it and for all we know, for all we know, Billy Mitchell may not have known that these machines he was playing on were emulated, but he might have known.
We should just go back to selling his sauce.
Did you know I finally got to meet him all these years? He was at Dragon Con. He's a nice guy.
I would give him the benefit of the doubt because at least it seems like he has the skills to do it. This guy, he's never like, you know, shown that he can do this again.
And that's the clear difference I wanted to make is that there is like, okay, there is another really good gaming documentary.
I know we've talked about on the show before, not the King of Kong, which we know is good, but on Netflix, it was man versus snake.
I think it was called. Have you seen that one? No, it's pretty good.
And it's another like back and forth sort of score thing. And it turns out, you know, well, I don't know if I should spoil it, but I'll just say this.
The whole emulator angle comes into play in that.
And I think there's a question of and it just kind of depends on who you want to believe and what you want to believe.
Did the guy know that or not when he was getting the score?
And so I think, you know, especially if it took, I mean, Billy Mitchell's that, that, that King of Kong is like fucking 10 years old. Right?
So like if it's gone unnoticed this long that he's been getting scores, maybe he didn't even realize that these machines were emulators.
He owned a machine. Like he's got to own a machine. I would hope so. And I would assume that.
So does the other guy. He owns his own machine and, uh, but his, I think was a reconversion.
His had been converted to one thing and he had to convert it back. Yeah. It's so hard to know these days too.
What I could go walk out by a donkey Kong machine, bring it home and come to find out it's, it's been overclocked.
It's just like, what was it? The black tiger. There was a thing with black tigers back when I was actually trying to compete in that stupid, uh, ready player one contest.
They had one of the games you had to break the record on was black tiger.
And I think it's impossible because if I remember correctly, it was, there's like a version of the game, like the Japanese game.
That's a totally different game or something like that. Um, scores differently the way it's played.
And, but it, the record was on very specific version of the game and it's not like either not possible or not easy to get that type of score on that.
Uh, Dungeon Buster in chat says the hardware arcade version of donkey Kong does a windows wipe refresh from one side of the screen to the other.
But under maim, it renders the screen in chunks from the evidence that I saw. And that's what was seen. Yeah. That's how they figured it out.
They had to slow the video way the fuck down to see how it was loading and they realized it does not load.
I mean, that is a, that's a pretty impressive thing to notice. You know what I mean? That's, you know, that, that person is very good at Where's Waldo books, I'm sure.
Or as a designer.
Perhaps, perhaps. Anyway, so anyway, two, two different classic gaming controversies, but I thought the Billy Mitchell thing was worthy of bringing up right there.
And also, you know, that, that he did, uh, perform, sorry, I guess some of these microphones on the Fritz. I don't know what that was.
Uh, I just put my down. I apologize for the loud.
Okay. Yeah. Sorry. My mic is dying. Okay. We're going to have to, sorry. I apologize for the audio, but that is, I'll just leave it on the boobs.
Yes. That is what happens. The cords coming out of it is the cord coming out. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm going to make sure you're muted.
So go ahead and do what you need to do to try to plug that back in. And. Oh, sorry.
The casing was coming off the connector, like the cover of the strain relief. Okay. So hopefully, hopefully that'll be a little better. All right.
Anyways, I was going to say he said he claims that he did this, the 5.5, one run for employees of Activision during the eighties.
Um, the people, you know, was one of the developers of the game said that they remember him doing the run, but they don't remember that score in particular, but they just remember that he was really good at the game.
So I don't know. I think if you don't, if you can't come up with evidence showing that you did this, it's just, he knows if he, he cheated or not.
I mean, I don't know. Well, what's he going to do is swear on a stack of Bibles. Like, you know, it's, you got to have the receipt. It wasn't like I'd give it to him.
Like I give him the benefit of doubt if it was just this one game, but there's a lot of other games that he has impossible scores on. Like there's a game.
He had a score that was impossible to get because it increments by fives and it was like ended with a seven. It's like, okay, that doesn't, that can't happen.
All right. Well, moving on to one more story before we get to the classic game of the week here on OLR this week, it has to do with a somewhat classic game.
It's not 10 years old at this point, but it's a few years old. Rock Band Network. Rock Band Network songs on all legacy consoles, including the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Nintendo Wii are no longer going to be available for purchase via Rock Band beginning later this month.
You can continue to play previously purchased songs, but, yeah, the delisting is going to be taken down. This has to do with community released DLC and not anything that's harmonics released DLC.
So, yeah, that's, that's too bad, but I guess I'm sure this has to do with like probably some type of like five-year license window or something. We've got to be looking at the end of that right about now.
Rock Band Network was a, um, or the, the, the spinoff game for Rock Band was really cool.
Um, the like music, the rhythm game?
Yeah. The, you know, the one that was basically like frequency.
Yeah. Rock Band Live Party. I don't remember what it's called.
I wish that one would come back. So anyway, uh, get, get those songs before they start, uh, pulling them all down. It's kind of, kind of too bad. I hope that's not the beginning of the end of Rock Band though. That'd be sad.
But it's probably just a licensing thing or just some type of like the agreement that people were signing going into that or something like that.
All right. Well, let's, let's go back to a simpler time when, uh, games were on cartridges, so they lasted forever.
Yes.
Or maybe CDs. I think maybe this week's pick. Uh, Dark Soccer.
No, this one was not CD. This was cartridge.
Well, then we're going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that Jamie thinks, Hey, Bratz, blow on this cartridge and check this out. What's the classic game of the week?
In the U S it was called Sky Shark. It also was released under the name Flying Shark. Um, he shows on me.
Um, real quick. I'm sorry. Do you, do you know why I thought it was CD? Cause at first I thought it was sewer shark. Whoops.
By the way, this music to this day is one of my favorite pieces of gaming music and it was not in the arcade.
This is one of the few games that a better soundtrack on the Nintendo entertainment system than it did in the arcade.
But yes, I have a story about this game too. So Sky Shark, um, came out in 1987.
Um, it's a vertical scrolling shooter game that was developed by Toaplan. Um, and if I am right, I believe that Toaplan also did the, uh, uh, much, much, uh, lauded, um, crap, no I forgot what it was.
Trekkston. Trekkston's pretty fun, but we'll go to that. They also did like Tiger Heli, like Slap Fight, Rally Bike, Twin Cobra.
So, but anyway, um, Sky Shark also had a sequel in 1989 called Fire Shark. Um, the game was published by Taito in Japan.
By Electricoin in the U.S. I'm sorry, in the U.K. and by Romstar in North America.
So basically it's, it's almost like any, I guess, other vertical, um, scrolling shooter. Um, but I like this one because you play in a biplane.
Um, and it's, you know, very kinda war, you know, theme instead of just, oh, future shooting or pew pew with crazy stuff.
It had, like, quite a bit more realism with it, but you also did, of course, have, you know, your bonuses that you can get from shooting down planes.
You get power-ups, and, um, it starts and ends on a runway, so that's actually kinda something I think is cool, just that at each stage isn't just, okay, you float in the air for a little while, okay, next stage.
You land your plane, get your score, and you move on. Um, your bombs, um, multiply every three thousand points that you get, and, but you start off with three bombs at the start of each stage.
Um, and it has five stages and then loops back to stage two indefinitely. Um, but again, the, this just had, like, I don't know what it was about those Toaplan arcade games during this time,
but, like, the music just wasn't always great, you know, and this, though, bringing it to the home version, it had great music. It was super good, you know, and with this game, I was, like, at the time, you know, I was like, I hate war games.
I hate, I mean, my dad almost bought me MagMax, okay, and MagMax is terrible. My sister loved MagMax for some reason.
So, um, when he got me my NES, um, he got me SkyShark, and I ended up freakin' loving this game.
And, I mean, to this day, this is probably on my list of favorite shooters. Like, Guardian Legend would be up there, you know, at least in the vertical realm, this one is on my list.
You know, I'd also would add, like, even though it's not only vertical, I'd add, like, Salamander to my list of favorite verticals.
When I think of bi-playing games, I think of, like, 1942.
I love 1942. Um, but this, I have a softer spot in my heart for this game than for 1942.
I have to be honest, I've never played it.
Well, it did come out on the Commodore 64, Rob.
What? And I still missed it.
It did. It was also, I like this music, too. The game just had great music. I mean, it was awesome.
But, um, it came out on Amiga, for MS-DOS, the ZX Spectrum, so you know, it looked like crap.
Um, the Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, the X68000, and the FM Towns.
And, of course, the NES. Now, the NES had, um, it was actually the first music, uh, composition by Tim Follin.
And, let me see if I can find you some of the other stuff he did, because, I mean, he did some really just awesome game music.
But, um, he did, let's see...
Thanks for bearing with me.
Did a whole bunch of Mega Drive games.
Uh, did, uh, the Starsky and Hutch soundtrack for the games.
You know, so, just lots of stuff.
Uh, he did some of the retooling for Ghouls and Ghosts on the Amiga. He did Solstice.
You know, so, really, really good sound designer.
Um, but yeah, this game is seriously one of my favorites.
But one thing of note, the NES port is a North American exclusive.
Oh, interesting.
This did not come out in Japan.
Well, but they had FM Towns and MSX and Europe had ZX, so they had, none of that was stuff we were gonna get, so...
But, to this day, mostly because of the music, I would consider this one of the superior home releases.
Fair enough.
It's so funny, because I know you probably didn't listen to last week's show, but I did a sub out for Classic Game, as I usually do, when I know you're not gonna be here.
And I picked a game, and I did the Commodore 64 version based on the music, which is Bomb Jack. I don't know if you saw, but that was the game I picked last week.
Bomb Jack's a fun game.
Yeah, but the Commodore 64 version specifically had a very memorable soundtrack, because they actually took, like, an 80's synth song and, like, redid it with the Commodore 64's SID chip.
Anyway, not to derail, but I just thought it was funny that our picks have that in common.
Yeah, but I mean, you can't listen to this and say, oh, that sucks. This is good, engaging music.
Quality chip tune.
But you remember we were talking earlier about how it's part, sometimes, the music that makes the game.
Yeah.
I've played the arcade Flying Shark. In fact, at California Extreme, they had a sit-down table of the Japanese version, and I played it, but the music is what will make me play the Nintendo version over the arcade. Every time.
Alright.
I like how you brought that full circle. Let's listen to a little more of the soundtrack here to take us out.
Sky Shark, classic of the week.
I like that you brought that full circle, Dark Soccer.
Not intentionally, but it was getting, the Stage 3 music is my favorite music in the game.
Got it stuck in my head. I was like, have I done Sky Shark? I haven't done Sky Shark! This is happening.
Alright. We're going to take a quick break. We have plenty more show to come. We're going to talk about, of course, release dates. We actually have a lot of emails tonight, so Dark Soccer is going to get ready for that.
We're going to talk about movies based on video games, and we'll talk about porn. Because, you know, we always find a way to work that in.
All this and more on Orange Lounge Radio when we come back, right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 717 already in progress for this February 4th of 2018. Hope you all are having a good night so far.
We got plenty more news to cover and things like that, so let's just jump right into some rapid fire news with Loki.
Alright, so this is interesting, but apparently this is canon now. Tom Hall and John Romero, they had went to Twitter, I guess, to talk about the official canon of B.J. Blackwitz.
And apparently, so here's how it goes. So, B.J. Blackwitz is Commander Keen's grandfather. And Commander Keen is, I guess, the Doomguy's father.
So, that means B.J. Blackwitz is Doomguy's great-grandfather. Interesting, I guess. It all ties together.
What a small world we live in. What a coincidence. What a bunch of games where the plot really doesn't matter.
Pretty much. Where does Duke Nukem have to fall into this?
Cousin. Godparent. Ruiner of lives.
Brother-in-law.
I don't know, brother-in-law. Wife.
Now, this is also something that we probably thought we'd never see, but what happens when you have a game that's on the Nintendo platform that's made by a Microsoft company?
Well, you get skins from Minecraft that are with Master Chief and the Gears of War folks and Halo and, you know, Banjo-Kazooie and other stuff.
So, yes, now you can play as Master Chief in the Mario-themed skinned world on the Nintendo Switch.
Okay, that is kind of neat that, you know, Nintendo and Microsoft are playing along together. That is kind of cool. I like that.
So, that's available now as a skin pack. Along with that, if you're not necessarily a fan of Microsoft stuff, you can get Moana, which is made by Disney.
Another company that Microsoft should purchase.
Why not?
And then they could just do, like, you know.
They could just make all the Marvel games.
That's right.
And all the Star Wars games.
They could do theme park rides. You know, they could do a Halo roller coaster at Disneyland.
Why not? Why not? Anyway, let's move on to some other news. Let's talk about some controversy. There's unfortunately a lot of it going on right now.
And this one has to do with the GDC and a lifetime achievement award. I guess actually it's, what do they call it? I don't think they call it the lifetime achievement award.
They call it a pioneer award. And they have actually retracted. They were going to offer it to Nolan Bushnell, who of course, you know, founded Atari and did a lot with the old school days of gaming.
But they've actually retracted the offer because essentially it came to light about some of the fraternity-like culture at Atari that was in the early days.
Which, as you know, there's a high visibility on how women are treated in a lot of different industries right now, most notably Hollywood.
But obviously there's been a lot of that that's come back on games. And so, you know, there's been a lot of questions about how women were treated in some of the early days of Atari.
So, anyhow, the official statement from the GDC said, the Game Developers Choice Awards Advisory Committee, who vote on the special award winners for each show, have made the decision not to give out a pioneer award for this year's event, following additional feedback from the community.
They believe their pick should reflect the values of today's game industry and will dedicate this year's award to honor the pioneering and unheard voices of the past.
So, you know, most probably politically correct turnaround they could do.
Nolan Bushnell, not really putting up a fight over it or anything, in a statement response on Twitter, said, I applaud the GDC for ensuring that their institution reflects what is right, specifically with regards to how people should be treated in the workplace.
If my personal actions or the actions of anyone who ever worked with me offended or caused pain to anyone at our companies, then I apologize without reservation.
So at least, you know, he's saying the right thing in this particular scenario, so hopefully we can focus on making the future better, because we can't fix what's happened in the past.
We can only take history and learn from it.
Hopefully people still aren't doing cocaine while they make games. I mean, you know, there was a lot that was going on in the old days. Anyway.
How else do you expect them to stay awake and not feel anything?
How else do you think E.T. was done in six weeks? Jesus. Anyway, not that it's right, but I'm just saying, there's definitely a different gaming culture back then and maybe one that we don't need to continue perpetuating.
Anyhow, let's talk about Monster Hunter, because I know a ton of people are playing the new one, Monster Hunter World.
None of us talked about it at the top of the show. I should say, I watched Shane play it, my buddy Shane, through the magic of PlayStation 4 SharePlay.
I watched him play a little bit of it, because I wanted to see if it was something I'd be into.
And I don't know, you guys. I wasn't super into, like, the combat and stuff, but I know people that are super into it, so cool. You know what? If you're into it, awesome.
But, if you are still playing some of the older Monster Hunter games, specifically Monster Hunter Frontier Z, the online service will be ending on the Xbox 360 and the Wii U, in Japan anyway, on August 1st.
I don't even think these games are still in.
Well, it was on the Xbox 360 in Japan.
Right? I don't even think these games were running in the U.S.
The company at Microsoft had to buy for that to happen.
So yeah, those games are going to be basically no longer online, which is going to kill a lot of the functionality of them.
But, at least there is a new Monster Hunter game I think most people have moved on to.
And yeah, like you said, Xbox 360 in Japan, and even the Wii U.
You know, we talked last week, they've now officially sold more Switches than Wii U's in Japan.
So, kind of interesting. Anyway.
So, there you go. No more Monster Hunter Frontier Z online, but I'm sure all the fans have moved on to world at this point anyway.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Some stuff.
There are, well, okay. We gave Nintendo shit over the handling of the NES Classic and the SNES Classic.
Well, the president of Nintendo confirmed that it will bring back the NES Classic this year and sell it alongside the SNES Classic.
I have yet to see these in stores.
I've seen one while someone was buying it.
I saw a Super Nintendo Classic. I don't remember where, but I've seen them on the shelf.
I love mine. It's so adorable.
I look every time I'm in a store. Not that I'm going to buy one, but I just look.
You just want to know that if you wanted one, you could.
Yeah.
I still want a Famicom Mini, because it's cute.
Well, this might be your chance. I mean, if the NES Classes are coming back, I would assume the Famicom ones are coming back.
I know it had some different games on it. I'd have to look it up again.
It did. I think it had, like, The Legend of Kage was on it, and some other games that, you know, in exchange, there's, I think, one of the other Final Fantasy games was on it instead of the first one.
Yeah.
The Final Fantasy III is on it in Japan.
Yeah, but I don't read well enough to play it, so.
Yeah. That's the problem, is that some of those games that got subbed out, I'm not going to understand.
Like, you should have seen when I was trying to play Dobutsu no Mori.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, my God. I mean, there was hardly any kanji in it, but I was still like, syntax, syntax, what word is this? I give up. So, yeah. Okay.
I'd have to use that Google picture thing that on my picture.
Well, I'd have to use it now, but that didn't exist when I was playing it.
You know when I was-
That is handy. Yeah.
Yeah, it is handy for that stuff.
So, and then this one is also sad and disgusting because I have gone on public saying, gone on public, saying publicly that pedophiles are garbage.
They're garbage. The ultimate of garbage.
Don't think you're going to find anyone that disagrees with you there.
Well, some people that may have vote for certain, was it governors or senators in certain states?
Touché.
The president.
Yeah.
Touché.
Anyway, Jess Cliffe, who is the co-creator of Counter Strike, was arrested for sexual exploitation of a child.
Yes, also, you know, designer at Valve was booked on this past Thursday for, didn't say exactly if it was a child harmed or if it was child pornography or something like that.
But he was arrested at 1 17 a.m. and has a bail hearing on, I guess it was Friday this past then after that.
But, I mean, he was arrested in Seattle for disgusting behavior.
So, I'm sure we'll find out more.
But just hearing that, it turns my stomach. It's the worst.
Let me ask a difficult question, and I don't particularly like these topics because I try to talk about how games are a good thing.
And these stories, they're not really about games, but they are about the people in the industry.
Yeah, these people contributed to gaming culture.
But let me ask this difficult question. Can you still play Counter Strike after this?
Well, I don't like Counter Strike anyway.
Let's say it was something you did like.
Let's say it was Animal Crossing. Would you still be able to play Animal Crossing?
I would for the sake of the other people that worked on it.
I think that's a fair perspective. Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at, too.
It's much more than just one guy that did this, and there's, you know, there's gonna be assholes at every company.
And I don't think it's fair to throw the company under the bus for what one person did.
Because I've been there personally, and I don't like it.
Which is not the situation, obviously.
But I mean, if it was one designer that worked on the whole game, and that designer, you know, raped a ten-year-old,
it would soil the game for me.
I mean, that's why there's just certain bands I can't listen to without just having my stomach twist a little bit,
or why I have trouble watching any of Joss Whedon's stuff anymore.
Well, speaking of movies, you know, there was a lot that came out about Uma Thurman and Quentin Tarantino over this past weekend.
And it kind of ruins Kill Bill, which is like one of the greatest movies.
But then when you hear about, like, how Quentin Tarantino really—and if you guys haven't, like, read about it,
you know, basically Tarantino kind of put Uma Thurman's life at risk driving this car in Mexico,
damn near killed her, over, you know, this shot, and was kind of—I don't know, it didn't seem like he really handled it in a tactful way.
And meanwhile, all this Weinstein garbage was going on, which just complicates the situation,
because one could argue, was Tarantino complicit in that or not?
I'm not going to get into that right now, but the point is, you know, after hearing all that, it's kind of hard to go back and watch Kill Bill,
but then you have to kind of realize, oh, but there were, like, hundreds of other people involved in the making of these movies.
But at the same time, Hollywood's celebrity culture leads us to go, but this is an Uma Thurman and Quentin Tarantino movie.
I mean, despite the fact that, you know—
I would watch it for her.
Yeah, but have you noticed the two of them never worked together again after that?
I did.
I think this puts a definitive note—you know, people always wonder, is there going to be a part three where she takes on the daughter of—
He talked about doing one, you know, he wanted to do another one with her where the little girl came back and was hunting down Beatrix.
But I don't think that's going to happen.
Not without maybe a different casting.
Or without a lot of talking.
Ass-kissing.
A lot of talking. A lot of—yeah, I don't even know what else to call it.
Anyway, I don't mean to deviate too much, but it's just one of those—
and I think maybe in some ways this makes me very glad that we don't have a celebrity culture in gaming,
because I am able to say, well, Counter-Strike, I mean, this guy sucks, period.
There's no arguing with that.
But Counter-Strike's not ruined, because there were tons of other people that pitched in with that game.
There, though, you call it celebrity culture, but really it's business culture.
And it does exist in video gaming.
What do you mean? Can you elaborate?
A lot of—well, not just in the celebrity world, but in terms of business decisions, in terms of lead programming,
has to do a lot with networking.
And there are—especially in, say, voice acting, in stage acting, in anything,
but also in the tech industry, there is a lot of it's who you fucking know.
Oh, sure.
And if someone wants to do you a favor, you have to do them a favor.
And especially—it's really difficult, especially for women.
We are—especially that's why there's a big push on STEM.
But we tend to still get kind of shafted in these things, unless there's a little bit more incentive.
I guess my point is that it's more like there's not the same name stuff that goes into video games.
Now, granted, there's some.
There's Miyamoto, there's Cliffy B, there's some developers that kind of have that.
For better or for worse, right?
There's also a guy that did Fable. Peter Molyneux.
There's also these guys too, for better or for worse.
But I feel like it's not like it is in movies.
In movies, sometimes the only reason you go to see a movie is because of who's in it.
You know what I mean?
Well, Cher, right.
Yeah, we were talking just before the show.
The only reason Mamma Mia 2 is acceptable is because Cher is going to sing for them.
I didn't even see the last one, so I'm going to see this one because of Cher.
Exactly.
Well, because she is a goddess.
Oh, bitch.
That was a little bit more Chad and a little less Cher.
I tried.
Somehow I got the picture in my head of Mr. Ed singing that.
Oh, bitch, it's just a sprain.
That's what Cher is going to sound like in retirement home.
But you know her tweets also read like her voice.
I fucking love.
Cher on Twitter is a blessing.
It is a blessing.
It is a privilege to be able to read this divine message from her.
There are two things I am so thankful for in this world, and I wouldn't be able to live without it.
Cher on Twitter and Falafel.
You went to Pita Kitchen.
I did go to Pita Kitchen.
Bitch.
No.
You also look closer than I do.
By the way, AkumaJP and Chad is yelling out Kojima.
Kojima, absolutely.
Yes, of course.
Absolutely a celebrity name.
But I mean.
Sorry.
I don't mean to cut you off.
But bringing that since you mentioned Kojima, bringing that celebrity culture into kind
of Death Stranding a little bit with the Norman Reedus, with the Guillermo del Toro and,
you know, Mads, Mick and Hannibal, whatever his name is.
But so you get a lot more now of that crossover in video games and in the celebrity thing.
Those names are big names.
Their likenesses are what's selling, you know.
I mean, you know, they've even said in some cases not getting licensed to, you know, someone's appearance.
Like that hurt.
From what I remember reading, it hurt the initial sales of the Back to the Future pinball table because Michael J. Fox wouldn't license his likeness to it.
You know, I mean, that's just an example.
But I mean, I think that the same sort of behind the scenes things happen in any industry.
And so people are going to talk, people are going to network amongst themselves and someone will go, oh, don't hire this person.
They did this or they're like that, you know, wink, wink.
You know, that does still happen.
You know, it is who you know and what people are saying about you.
Well, you know, we're in a very interesting shift right now in culture in general with all these movements that are going on.
So it's just going to be very interesting to see what gaming looks like five years from now.
Accountability is happening and it's past fucking time for it.
Hold them accountable. Throw out the garbage.
All right.
Let's move on. We're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates.
I didn't mean for rapid fire news to take so long, but you know what?
Sometimes sometimes you got to dive deep into a topic.
Let's go around the world and check out the U.S. Loki.
Yes. So we have a game called Marooners coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Shadow of the Colossus coming out on PlayStation 4 on PC.
We've got Civ 6 Rise and Fall that's coming out.
Octogeddon on PC.
Rust looks like it's coming out of early access on PC, Mac and Linux.
Dragon Quest Builders on Nintendo Switch.
The Seven Deadly Sins Knights of Britannia on PlayStation 4.
And finally, Under Night In-Birth EXE Late State.
What the hell is that?
Late something. It's got to be a Japanese game.
PlayStation 3, 4 and Vita. That's it.
All right. We got some Japanese releases this week. Quite a few of them.
Shin Sangoku Musou 8 comes out in Japan on PlayStation 4 this week.
As well as Wanda 2 Kyozu comes out this week.
Sword Art Online Fatal Bullet and Dragon's Crown Pro.
That's the one with the boobs.
I actually kind of want to play this on PlayStation.
Sometimes things are so over the top they're funny.
It's like a John Waters movie, right? John Waters of games.
Let's see what else we have. Under Night In-Birth EXE Late.
That whole thing is also...
Yeah, I think it's Late or Latest.
That's what it's supposed to be.
And then it's a busy week in Japan this week.
Actually, no. I think that's it on PlayStation 4.
I wanted to see what Shin Sangoku Musou was.
That's the Dynasty Warriors.
Is that Dynasty Warriors 8? Oh, it sure is.
I think it's Dynasty Warriors 9.
Wait, does...Sangoku is like Three Kingdoms?
Is there a Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
I keep forgetting that.
I only thought it was Dynasty Warriors because that's next week.
You have Dynasty Warriors 9, so...
Got it. All right. So, lots of that.
Nothing on the Vita this week.
Okay, I was right. IkumaJP said I was right.
Yay, okay.
It's nice. I'm glad you're able to listen this week, IkumaJP.
I know you've been very busy lately, so it's always nice to have you here
when we really, really badly misrepresent what's going on in Japan.
I don't mind being corrected. I want to get it right.
On Nintendo Switch in Japan this week, we have Cave Story Plus
gets its Japanese release, as well as Gal Metal comes out in Japan.
That sounds cool.
On the Switch. And then on the 3DS, nothing.
3DS, I think, is somewhat slowing down,
although we have a Radiant Historia chronology coming out in the coming week.
How about the UK, DarkSocker?
I wish we'd get an Animal Crossing on Switch.
Cross your fingers and your toes. There's a lot of people with you.
Right. On the 6th, we have Civ VI Rise and Fall for PC.
Well, I know that makes you happy.
Yay.
On the 7th, Shadow of the Colossus for PS4.
And Atomic Rungun Jumpgun on Switch. That's a fun name.
And then the 12th is Crossing Souls for PS4.
All right. We are going to get back into some news after we dive into the mailbag.
It's sticky.
Yeah, there's a lot in there tonight. I think there's like three emails from one person.
No, there's like four. Five, actually. And three of them are from the same person.
All right. Well, we're going to get into the mailbag tonight.
But you know what? I'm happy because we've gone like two or three weeks
where we had no emails. So I'm not going to go.
We're making up for it tonight, DarkSockra.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you want to send an email
to get DarkSockra's mailbag all sticky.
Yeah.
All right. Dive into the mailbag and pull some emails out for us, Jamie.
I apologize for contributing to or failing to contribute to your recent lack of content in
AKA he said e-mailbag. It's just mailbag.
Branding. Branding is important. Mailbag.
I'll just say that I, over the Christmas slash winter holiday stale on, stale?
Sale on Steam, decided to finally check out the free-to-play Smash Brothers style
fighter brawl holla. I'm still generally enjoying it.
And rather than play than pay the $20 or 15 when on sale to unlock all 37
characters, I'm just using the in-game coins from daily logins,
daily missions to use certain characters play and leveling up to buy them
individually and we'll get more used to their relatively unique mechanics.
I might eventually support it with some cosmetics.
This is definitely not on anyone's game of the year. It's intentionally derivative.
The characters aren't as distinctly different as the actual cast of Smash Brothers.
Items are few and besides the central weapons, mechanics largely ineffective.
And some of the signature moves, some of the signature moves central, wait,
I can't. All right.
And some of the signature move collision detection leaves me shaking my head.
But overall, I'm very much having fun with the game for what it is.
I'm still useless at ranked one versus one as one would expect of me.
This comes from Robert M. I had not heard of this game.
I'm actually I have the steam app open on my phone.
I'm looking at it now to put it in my queue because I like free to play and I
like Smash Brothers. I mean, he kind of says it's not going to, you know,
change the world, but it looks it looks cute from these screenshots.
I'll check it out. Next email. Yes, please. Hey, guys.
I think it's been a while, as in a couple of years since I sent a message.
But I just heard last Sunday's classic game of the week, Bomb Jack.
Hearing the Commodore 64 soundtrack for the first time in years brought back so
many memories. I played that game to death on both the Commodore 64 and in our
local arcade. One thing about the game that was was that there was no real end.
So long as you didn't lose all of your lives, it would just keep going.
We had a few guys at the local arcade who were banned from playing the game by the
owner. They'd become so good at it that at it.
At the at the I'm sorry, there's an extra thing in here.
It becomes so good at the game and could sit at the machine for hours on one credit.
Thanks for initiating my 80s gaming flashback this evening.
It brought a smile to my face after a long day at work.
Still listening to the show every week. Wayne in. You're welcome.
I'm glad you had some good memories like I do. There's so many Commodore 64 songs,
specifically just that that SID chip just brings back so many memories.
So but you're right. A lot of those classic 80s games never ended unless it was like
Pac-Man and a malfunction, a glitch caused it to end after 256.
Most of those games wouldn't end. So that's really I like the story about the
friends getting banned because they were too damn good at it.
Love it. Robert and actually sent the same mail twice. Oh,
but there's an addendum. OK. Just to clarify, in rescinding,
I left out that the twenty dollars would be to unlock all the characters that
probably came through in context. Yes, it did. Also, of the major smash likes,
Brawlhalla appears to, appears exclusive to general PC and PS4 rivals
of Aether to Windows and Xbox One. The heck was that?
There was a big like boom type of thing outside.
So I'm just going to get up and make sure everything's OK outside.
It probably didn't come through on the microphones, but there was a scary noise outside.
I'm just going to take a look outside real quick. OK. Brawlout on Windows and Switch
and the other consoles later, although my understanding is that one is critically
third place again from Robert N.
So moving back to our last email, then, if you are already.
Hello, LR. After the mention of two games terminating service in the coming months,
I thought I'd put a different perspective on it. Perhaps when you were little,
just as I did, you went to the arcade and there was a game that you,
a game there that you just had to play with your friends.
Maybe it was one of the TMNT games, maybe X-Men or Street Fighter 2 or NBA Jam
or something else. You dumped quarters into them one after another.
You played like crazy until you beat the game. And next time you went back there,
you did it again and again and again. Sorry. And then again.
And you had a hell of a great time doing it. But then sometime later,
maybe you weren't as interested anymore. And sometime after that,
you went back one day and the game was gone or perhaps the arcade closed entirely.
Your time with that game was done and you spent quite a bit of money on it,
but you had a fantastic time playing it. So you didn't really think,
well, I guess I wasted my money. Even today you reminisce about how much fun you had playing it.
That, I think, is the mindset you need to adopt when dealing with the closing of online only games.
Think of it as your arcade getting rid of the game. True, you may have spent money on it,
but you had fun while the game was there and nothing can take that away from you.
It's a bummer that the game is gone, sure, but nothing lasts forever.
I'm going to stop one thing on that. If you pay money for a game with the intention
of having it in your home as long as you want it, that is where the problem comes in.
I'm going to continue. I'll just end by saying, why am I grabbing your Pikachu's ear?
He likes it. There you go. Squeeze, squeeze.
I'll just end by saying that I'm hoping to end Super Multitasking's beta testing phase
and begin promotion this Friday. So if you are listening, if you do any streaming,
and you want to be one of the first to play it on stream, regardless of the size of your audience,
please reach out to me on Twitter at at yyr underscore or email me at yyr at yyrgames.com.
Thanks. And that's all the time we have for this email, so just remember,
the next time you're at the checkout counter and you hear that beep, think of the fun
you could have on Super Market Sweep.
I will.
Bye bye, Aaron Yyr.
You missed the tangent on Buzzer on Twitch, and they show all the old game shows,
and the Buzzer on TV, because there's two of them, there's Twitch, there's TV,
the Buzzer on TV is getting Super Market Sweep, or just got Super Market Sweep this month.
Oh, girl, I bet you need new underwear.
YYR saw it for the first time, it sounds like, that game show.
Oh.
Anyway.
Maybe if they, is it a new one or the old episodes?
It's the old ones from the 80s, the ones that were on Lifetime all the time.
See, they should do a-
With David Ruprecht, was that his name?
They should do a new one and not have them wear those ugly sweatshirts.
Fuck yeah, they should. No, and the ugly sweatshirts are like a staple.
But they have to, but they also have to go through self-checkout.
All right. They have to go to one of those new Amazon stores and steal it all.
The one thing I wanted to say is, Jamie, I think you kind of had a similar thought to what I did with YYR's little comparison there.
And like, look, I get where you're going with that.
And, you know, I want to see eye to eye there.
But that's the thing is that when the pizza place gets rid of the video game, that video game goes to some other person's house.
The video game didn't stop working.
The pizza place chose to sell the game.
Or their distributor chose to take it to another place that it would make more money.
So, yeah, and that's kind of where the analogy kind of loses me.
I mean, I get it. Nothing lasts forever. Fine.
But, you know, you got to, you got to admit the shelf life on some of this stuff these days.
Like when they almost pulled the plug on Gravity Rush 2 and it had barely been out, right?
No, they talked their way out of that.
But, you know, some of it's crazy how short of a window it is.
But, you know, I think people just get frustrated spending all this money and then they're gone.
Especially when it's something that, you know what I think they should do with those games?
Is they should have the ability like Phantasy Star Online had.
You could run private servers.
Actually, let me just ask you directly because I'm sure what started this email and the whole talk last week, you missed it.
Miitomo is closing and you're the biggest fan of that here. How are you handling that?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, no, no. Mr. Smoosh.
Okay. Mr. Smoosh hopped up on the mixing board.
Hopefully we're still coming through. I don't think he knocked any of the...
Okay, I think we're fine.
So, um...
Wow, that's pretty impressive. Sorry, anyway, Miitomo.
I just shrugged.
Yeah.
I kind of, I'm like...
I mean, I have spent a little bit on Miitomo.
And I keep up with a few people that way that I haven't talked to in a while.
And I like certainly all the characters that I've made on it.
Excuse me.
But...
I've, I'm...
I don't know. I kind of don't care.
Okay.
I was just curious because, you know, as Loki and I were talking about it last week, I was like,
it's a bummer that Jamie misses this week when it's, you know, a game that I know she plays more than us, so...
I look, I check it once a day. I make outfits. I've made Jessica Jones in it. I'm happy.
Fair enough.
I've made E. Honda.
I made Petsch and Lonk.
Uh, SSJ...
SSJ...
Oh, and I made Katya and Bianca Del Rio.
SSJ and Hunter Matt and our chat at live.vogue.com says,
Mr. Smoosh is harnessing the essence of Drunami attacking the mixing board like that.
Yes, he did.
And since other daddy just got home,
Mr. Smoosh hopped up on the mixing board while Dark Soccer was trying to talk about Miitomo.
What did you teach him how to do, Alan?
What?
All right. Anyway, he's denying responsibility for that.
All right.
Thank you YYR for the email and I am very excited.
I hope to be the first person to stream Super Multitasking.
I'm ready.
Is your body ready?
My body is totally ready.
I've still been playing the game.
I haven't really been talking about it during my gaming week because it's not out.
But I still play, I don't play it for a long, long time,
but I'll play like five games or so.
Here and there.
So, I'm still playing it.
Anyway, was that it for email?
Yeah, it was.
Okay.
If you want to send us an email for a future week,
participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Meanwhile, we're going to get back into some news, starting with Loki.
Let's talk about movies.
So, we've talked about this a while back when I think they made the announcement
that they were thinking about doing this.
So, Sleeping Dogs was a game that came out from Square Enix not too long ago
and it is still going to be a movie apparently.
So, Donnie Yen is, I guess, starring in the movie
and said that, yeah, sometimes great things take a bit of time
and Sleeping Dogs is in motion.
You guys are ready for this.
So, I guess it's still being worked on.
I'd be curious to see how it turns out.
It was an okay game.
So, look forward to that, I guess.
And then we already talked about that there was talks about Mario becoming a movie as well
and basically they're partnering now with the producers of Despicable Me to make the game.
Why did it have to be the fucking minions? Why, why, why?
Well, I know why.
Because it's an animation studio.
Well, it's Universal's animation studio.
Well, yeah, it's Illumination's.
And clearly Nintendo and Universal have a little something-something going on
because of the theme park thing.
So, it would seem to me that the theme park, if it's going to open in 2020, might just be timed with this movie.
They're an okay animation studio.
I don't think it's going to be...
It's all about who writes the story and who directs the movie.
Really, at the end, the animation studio, they're just making it come to life.
I know, I just have an admittedly irrational hatred for minions.
But do you think Nintendo, they're going to let their prized property get fucked up?
Like, you know, well, there was the Super Mario movie, I guess, that came out a long time ago.
But that was a different time when shlock like that was kind of okay.
Not so much anymore.
I am glad they're going animated with it.
It seems to be the right, you know, course for Nintendo.
I think a real live movie just...
It's not going to work with Bowser and Goombas and shit.
Yes, I know, we tried once before, we all know, we tried once before.
And like I said, it's good they're going animated with it this time.
What if they went the whole Super Mario Odyssey route where he could be just walking around the real world and it's all weird and shit?
Um...
New dog city.
Nah, I love Odyssey, but I'm curious to see what they do with the traditional...
Assuming that maybe it will be an Odyssey type thing.
Who knows?
We'll see what they do with it.
I really hope, like they're saying in chat here, S.G.O. 100 Matt says, Goombas are voiced by the minions.
Yeah, that's what I don't want to happen.
S.G.O. 100 Matt, that's why I don't want to happen.
Goombas don't need to be the new minions.
Alright, and S.G.O. 100 Matt says, it's going to be a few years out.
Illumination has projects in production until 2021.
And besides, we know that the Rabbids are the new minions.
Alright.
Well, if Mario isn't your Nintendo thing, maybe Pokemon is.
Okay, the only reason I'm bringing this up, the only reason I'm bringing this up is this ridiculous fucking headline.
Here's the headline.
Pokemon for Nintendo Switch, still scheduled for 2018 or later.
So, in other words...
Anytime!
It's not 2017, because that involved time travel.
And Nintendo hasn't figured out online and god forbid they touch time travel.
That's correct. So, seriously, that headline says,
Pokemon for Nintendo Switch has not been cancelled.
Time travel would explain why they don't have online yet.
Because they could just go back in time and fix all that shit and then it's like not a problem.
Anyway, this is all coming from, I guess there's a list out there of upcoming Nintendo titles.
And Pokemon RPG for Nintendo Switch is on it as 2018 or later.
And that's on the official release or whatever.
So, I mean, it's going to happen.
Now everybody's just hedging their bets on, will it be a holiday 2018 release?
Which I think a lot of people are hoping for.
Or are they going to end up inevitably pushing it back?
You know what?
It would be nice if it happens this year, but I just want it to be good.
So, don't take it out of the oven before it's done.
If they need to push it to March to make the fiscal year, then push it to March, for God's sake.
Let's move on. I just thought that headline was so funny.
Moving on, Darsagra.
Well, you know what they say, pirates gonna pirate?
Wait, is that how it goes?
But, yeah, pirates have said, yeah, that Assassin's Creed Origins, we got that.
The announcement came from CPY, which is an Italian hacking group
that finally cracked Assassin's Creed Origins DRM protections
and are ready to put it out there to everybody.
Because, again, pirates are going to pirate.
And pillage and burn the village down.
Does that mean that gyrates will gyrate?
Perhaps.
I don't even know if that's a word.
Well, gyrates, but anyway.
So, anyway, you know, usually it takes a few days, but this one took them a few months.
But they still did it.
So, yeah.
Not surprised, not surprised.
Yeah, the new, what is it, Denovo 4.8 DRM is supposed to be, like, the one to stop everybody.
Oh, of course, of course. They always say.
That's what they always say.
We've been doing this show 15 years.
Every year somebody puts out a game on PC and says, this, this is going to end piracy.
It was cracked with Sonic Forces, but Assassin's Creed Origins still had some unique things to bypass
because it also used VR Protect and Uplay.
So, yeah, they got it.
Good job, cheaters.
I have to go back to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
because they're still talking about this Mario movie.
And Tigerclaw in chat says there's only two good voice actors for Mario.
Charles Martinet and Captain Lou Albano, the latter no longer with us, unfortunately.
And SSG100Matt follows that up with Kristen Wiig for Princess Peach.
Kevin Hart for the voice of Luigi.
Who should voice Mario?
In my opinion, there's only one choice.
Danny DeVito.
Clearly Danny DeVito should be voicing Mario.
Clearly.
If he's not going to voice Pikachu, then he needs to do Mario.
Would there be another choice?
Anyone?
Anyone.
Well, Charles Martinet, of course.
Oh, honey.
I just...
I'm going to say this just because it's going to piss people off,
but it is a move that this kind of studio would do.
Will Ferrell.
No.
I hate that so much.
I hate everything about that sentence that just left your mouth.
That wasn't even a sentence.
It was just two words.
So much power.
AkumaJP in chat suggests Liam Neeson.
No.
He would have to play like someone more...
Bowser.
Bowser, yeah.
No, he shouldn't act in anything because he's an asshole.
He's one of those garbage people that defends other garbage people.
Oh, boy.
Ryan Reynolds.
I mean, it's got to be Ryan Reynolds.
Why not just have Ryan Reynolds back?
All right, let's move on.
Let's move on.
Loki, what do you have for us?
You're going to take us to porn, right?
I'll take us to porn.
Let's go to porn.
So there's a game...
From Danny DeVito to porn.
It's a short jump.
So there's an indie game that's come out called NSFWWare,
or I guess it's NSFWare, if you will.
It's like a WarioWare game with porn in it.
I mean, granted, it's very like...
I want to say artistically done.
It's implied.
It's not like full graphic porn, although it's pretty graphic.
So like WarioWare, you have one word come up on the screen.
It kind of gives you a hint on what you need to do,
and you have to figure out how to use the arrow keys to be able to do that.
Anal.
No, it's not anal.
So like, they'll have like, for example, some of the mini games.
There is Swap, and it's basically three guys in like a daisy chain type thing, or girls.
I don't know.
You can't tell because they're just colors.
So you can't really tell what they are.
But basically, they want you to swap.
They're like iPod commercials.
Yeah, it's like an iPod commercial having sex.
So they want you to swap the colors to match the little triangle in the corner.
Or there's one that's like, you know, edge.
Or, you know, there's tickle or slap or, you know, finger.
It's like those love dice.
Yeah, sort of.
So if you...
Lick her elbow.
The game is basically available.
It's on itch.io for pay what you want or nothing.
You can pay nothing to get it.
So if you're interested in checking it out, it's at p-i-e-r-r-e-c dot itch dot i-o slash
n-s-f-w-a-r-e.
And it's hard.
I bet.
It's a challenging game, but it is very much like Mario, except if Mario had porn.
So, you know, be careful.
And then, of course, you know, to go along with that, one of the big things that's kind
of been in the Internet news lately has been deepfakes.
And it has to do with this app called Fake App.
So what Fake App is, it is a artificial intelligence machine learning way to swap faces on videos.
So, for example, people have put Nicolas Cage on, you know, Harrison Ford and stuff like
that.
It's sometimes it can be pretty convincing.
The other not so dubious things that they've been, or not so, I guess, ethical things that
they've been doing is putting pictures of actresses on, you know, non-porn actresses
on porn actresses' bodies.
Oh, boy.
And, you know, and actually it's in video form.
So what, of course, are people going to do?
Why?
They're going to take video game characters and put their faces on porn stars.
And it's kind of creepy.
Just going to put that out there.
It's kind of creepy.
But it's something that people are doing.
Fake celeb nudes have been rotating around for forever, though, as far back as Photoshop
1.0 existed.
But this is more, this is in motion, though.
This is like it maps it to like you basically take, you train it by giving it a bunch of
pictures of, you know, the celebrity you're looking for and then pictures of whatever
person you're trying to put it on there.
And then the computer does the rest and it trains itself how to map that onto the body.
When the PP tapes inevitably leak, the president's going to claim it's this.
Technology.
Well, that only does the face.
It's still good.
All right.
Anyway, one more story for us tonight.
Oh, no.
This, this website.
I need to ban this website from being used on our show because it doesn't load on this
computer for some reason.
I wouldn't suppose it works for you, Loki.
Do you want to steal this from me?
Sure.
I kind of spoiled it already about, uh, let's talk about Cas.
It's probably that it's probably that wonderful, uh, windows XP computer that you're running
off that I really need to bring you.
My Mac has loaded it right away.
Go, go, Jamie.
Well, um, the president of Sony and the CI cause will here I has stepped down.
I'm going to miss him.
I think it's effective.
April 1st it is.
And it's not a joke.
Not a joke.
Yeah.
It's that CEO Casarai also was stepping down.
You remember he made the announcement, the fake Twitter account.
Like he knew.
I know.
Right.
They're really the same guy.
Anyway, the transition in management is going to the Sony nominating committee.
Um, uh, so, uh, I'm trying to see, he will become a director and chairman of Sony corporation.
So he's still involved in the business.
Um, just not as, you know, CEO and it's been approved, so we don't know who is going to
take over from here.
I'm trying to see if it was in the article cause I'm just looking at this.
I think it was like midway through it.
There's a statement from the person that's taking a Yoshida.
That sounds right.
Yeah.
Is going to be a taking over for Cosmo here.
I, so good for him.
Good for them all.
May they continue to have success and pass on that helmet and crayons.
Sony's a giant enemy crab.
Sony's been doing all right lately.
I always forget Sony still like makes a lot of movies.
I, I went to the movies again today.
I saw another Oscar nominee.
So you took me to say this, see the shape of water.
A couple of weeks ago, by the way, while you finally see lady bird, while we talk about movies,
a Skype line is open, orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
Um, no, I saw call me by your name and yeah.
And at the very beginning it's Sony pictures classics.
So it was a Sony movie.
So here's the thing.
Everybody I know that seen it said it was like amazing.
Incredible.
I liked it.
I didn't love it.
I thought it was a little dry.
I think it's one of those things where if you read the book, which I haven't,
but I imagine there's a lot more in the book of probably like thoughts and feelings that doesn't translate the same way on screen.
And some of that might've been lost on me a little bit.
Like I didn't get the same thing out of it.
Like some of my friends are like, I'm seeing this multiple times.
This speaks to me as somebody who is like a repressed Catholic person.
I get a lot.
But for me, I was kind of like, God, it really takes an hour for this movie to go anywhere.
Let's go see Lady Bird next weekend.
I do want to see Lady Bird.
We can do that.
I found this Sunday mornings are a great time to go see movies.
I don't know if it was Super Bowl Sunday or what, but we went.
I've been, I've been seeing the sleeping movie.
We went to the 10 30 this morning and it was like 10 people in the theater.
Cool.
So anyway.
Next weekend though is by Panther.
Oh, movies are going to be packed 24 seven for that one.
I know so many people excited to see it.
I probably won't see that right away just because it's nothing against Black Panther.
I'm sure it's going to be awesome.
It's something against other humans.
Do you know how many Marvel movies I've missed?
I just haven't seen comic book movies in forever, but I'm sure that one's going to be fantastic.
Um, we'll see.
Anyway, I want to get to the phones.
It is a ringing.
So let's get to it.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey buddy.
It's been a while since we heard from you.
Did you hear about, we actually had some DDR content the past couple of episodes.
I don't know if you heard it.
Yeah.
Was it related to that arcade championship over in Japan?
Uh, no, there was a DDR freestyle tournament, kind of like freestyle coming back that happened
in San Jose on the 20th.
And they, I actually got to be a judge, Zaku.
It was fun.
Oh damn.
Well, if only the East coast had that.
Well, be careful what you wish for because I know they, they're not going to stop here.
I know.
Try getting that scene back up.
We'll see.
Well, what's on your mind tonight?
I didn't mean to derail you.
Oh, nothing much.
Just, uh, I'm in the midst of a move right now.
I recently got engaged to my girlfriend this past December out in Tokyo.
Congrats.
That's great news.
Yep.
All the way, all the way in Japan again, you know, as we went out there again.
Oh, so it was like your girlfriend's from Japan.
Oh no.
You guys traveled to Japan.
You proposed to her.
We traveled.
We traveled to Japan.
Is there, this was our second time.
Third time for her.
Okay.
And then we just, you know, I need you to sit down for a minute and, and, and not talk
for a minute because I need to, I need to talk with my co-host about something.
Zaku has been calling into the show for a long time.
Right.
And it's like, Oh my God, he's getting married.
How old are we?
Zaku is getting married.
All of us have gotten married.
There's going to be a baby maybe if that's what you guys want, but Oh my God.
Oh my God.
All of us have gotten married over the course of the show.
I know.
That's true.
But congratulations.
You get to be as miserable as we are.
You can talk again.
Congrats.
Yep.
So yeah, we, we basically took the engagement photos in Asakusa in Tokyo.
That was fun.
You know, aside from work getting in the way, but that's another story.
How did you do it?
Where did you propose that?
Did you propose over dinner?
Was it at the temple in Asakusa?
Yeah, right there, right there with the big lantern.
Oh, that's gorgeous.
Good call, Jamie.
Well, I mean, if I was going to be proposed to, that's where I'd want to.
Either that or in front of the, um, the big theater in Kyoto.
For me, it was the castle at Disneyland, but things have a funny way of working out sometimes.
Well, I was watching Weird Al and eating spinach dip when I got engaged.
I know.
For us, it was, oh my God, Trump just got elected.
Do you think we should get married before they take the ride away?
Yeah, probably not a bad idea.
Cool.
But you were saying?
Anyway, sorry, Zaku.
Yeah.
So aside from that, just, uh, you know, now that we're getting, now that we're engaged,
you know, we have to start moving in together and whatnot.
And so I managed to, I managed to close the lease this past, uh, almost a week ago on
a place, uh, in Chappaqua condo for, you know, for a year.
But yeah, I've been in the process of, you know, not only burning through my wallet,
but also moving things from my room upward outside of the Bronx.
And I've been to Westchester, you know, north of the city.
Wow.
Moving, moving on up in a way.
So, well, what did you, I, I congratulate you on the engagement, but, uh, what did,
was there something on your mind that you called in to talk about tonight?
Uh, aside from that, like, I just want to say Cuphead is really hard.
I don't care.
Yes, it is.
Yeah.
It's a nightmare.
It's so fun though.
I know it's fun, but Jesus, it's like, it brings me back to 8-bit NES days, but with,
but with the whole, like, you know, 1930s cartoon literally right there.
And it's just ridiculous.
Like, it's deceptive because you think, oh, it's going to be a cartoon, a cutesy game.
It's Mickey Mousecapade.
No, bitch.
It's a hard game.
Makes Contra look like, uh, goddamn, they got to help me out here.
It makes Contra look like what?
Uh, something makes it look like Super Mario Brothers.
Yeah, it makes Mario Brothers 2, which I think is an insanely easy game.
Yeah.
And, you know, it's not even that, like, like the Hotline Miami series was just as bad and
I managed to get through that recently and I, I was trying to escape away from it and
then, you know, lo and behold, I buy Cuphead and now back in that whole, uh, you know,
having to deal with like dying every few minutes and like taking an hour to beat a stage.
Are you playing Cuphead on Xbox One or PC?
PC through, through my Steam link.
Yeah.
Oh, good call.
Good call.
Yeah.
Cuphead's one of those games that, uh, I think a lot of people might've overlooked last year,
maybe because there's not a lot of Xbox owners or at least comparatively to PlayStation or
what have you.
I mean, there are several people that own Xbox, but I think there's a lot of people
that overlooked it.
Um, so if you don't own an Xbox One, I would still encourage you to seek out Cuphead on
PC.
Um, check it out.
It's a good game.
Yeah.
It was, I got it on sale.
Nice.
That was, it was really worth it.
Uh, yeah.
And then just, you know, getting back into Flight Simming, but also managed to get this
little gem right here, Windows MR, uh, headset.
Oh.
So at least I have VR now on Flight Simming and, uh, you know, other random stuff.
I never thought about VR for Flight Sims, but I bet that's pretty cool.
Oh yeah, it is.
Like you, you pretty much immerse yourself in the cockpit.
Like, you know, I also play like combat flight sims.
So one of the ones I played DCS world has like full VR support.
And because Windows mixed reality works with a Steam VR, I'm able to use that very seamlessly.
So it like works right out of the box.
Nice.
Well, installing, you know, installing the software from Steam, but that's it.
You know, we have a mobile VR thing and we've used it maybe once.
Like there's just not a lot that we practically use on a regular basis, but the flight sim
stuff, I could see that.
And on one of these days I'm going to break down and get a PlayStation VR finally, but
I'm just kind of waiting for the right moment.
The must, the must must have game.
Sorry about that.
That's all right.
All right.
Well, Zaku, I'm going to let you go.
I'm going to congratulate you one more time.
Uh, and, uh, you know, good luck with the move.
Moving is a bitch, but it'll be worth it in the end.
Yeah, especially if you're moving with like, you know, someone who doesn't drive as often
almost at all.
And now I have to move to the suburbs where I definitely need a car now.
Ah, you'll make it work.
We always figure it out.
All right.
Take care of my friend.
Yep.
Have a good one.
You too.
Bye.
All right.
We'll open up the Skype line one more time.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Checking in for any last minute stories that we might have.
Nope.
No.
Oh boy.
All right.
We'll open it up for the Super Bowl.
Super Bowl.
All right.
Uh, you don't chat, uh, telling me that, uh, Skyrim VR is a must have job.
Sim is a must have rec room is a must have super hot VR is a must have.
So cause you're just saying there's plenty of must have games already.
I'm just sleeping.
And I forgot.
And I was reminded the other day when I booted up my PlayStation four cause my son wanted
to play like Marvel Avengers two that accounting plus is out now.
I totally have to get that.
What's that one?
I don't know.
It's, it's a VR game by the guys that did Rick and Morty and it's fucked up.
All right.
We're going to take one more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's the one, the only raging here.
Hey raging here, buddy.
What's on your mind tonight?
I'm not a whole lot.
Um, you know, I, I know no one listened to the show or any of the three of you are into
sports whatsoever.
It depends on the sport.
But I only bring it up sports up cause it's kind of tangential, tangential relate to
what, you know, my point.
Um, I saw part of the Superbowl, your suit, your super owl tonight and um, call it the
Superbowl.
Call it the Superbowl.
I don't give a fuck.
Let them sue us.
We're talking, we're commenting on something that happened in the real world.
It's news.
But, uh, no, no, no.
The reason I bring it up is because, um, you know, I mainly was hoping to see some of the
commercials and they actually showed the trailer to the Han Solo movie.
Um, and it looks actually quite good.
Um, you know, I can't remember everything, uh, that w you know, was in the trailer.
I saw a little, I saw a little snippet of it on Twitter.
The only thing that looked good about that was Lando.
Mike drop.
I don't know.
What about you?
Loki?
You looked at, said you were into it, right?
It looked okay.
Yeah.
I'm going to wait and see what the critics have to say.
Not that critics always, I mean, rogue one wasn't too bad.
I was all right.
One was, I haven't seen rogue one.
I still haven't seen episode.
Rogue one was all original people.
This is dealing with a legend in the series.
Yeah.
I just, I want to see what some of the early takes are because I'm hearing that's, you
know, and it could just be all a bunch of bullshit, but I'm hearing that there's some
troubles and that like the actor apparently is not very good.
And so I just kind of want to see what some of the early hot takes are before I make a
decision.
If all the critics come out and say, Oh, it's great.
It's must see, you know, Ron Howard saved the day or whatever, then maybe I'll check
it out.
But I'm, I'm already like two star Wars movies behind.
So I'm kinda, you know, but that's nothing against star Wars.
Again, I always feel like I'm such a hater, but it's just, no, I only have so many times
so much time to do so many things.
And so I chose to go see another Oscar film today instead of seeing star Wars, whatever.
Well, well, the only thing I might be iffy about regarding the movie is that obviously,
you know, having grown up watching the original trilogy and now with, um, Harrison Ford playing,
uh, Han Solo for those, no, I kind of used to him playing the role of Han Solo.
So I see anyone else play their role just seems a little odd to me, but I will give
the movie a try.
So that's one of Jamie's takeaways.
She's not so keen on either.
I don't know.
Like it just depends.
I mean, like how many guys have played James Bond, you know, but I get it's different,
but you know, like Daniel Craig is a pretty good James Bond and Pierce Brosnan wasn't
bad.
It really depended on the movie, you know?
So it just, it just depends.
Actors can play the same role.
It could be.
Here's the one that doesn't make sense to me.
The dude from the office playing Jack Ryan.
That's the one where I'm like, what?
But he's all ripped now.
So it's fine.
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever.
I, you know, I'd be fine if him playing.
So what's his face playing?
Chris Pratt playing Star Lord.
And he was on his, on the show was kind of.
That's yeah.
When he was on parks and rec, he was kind of, you know, from not so good.
That was his character.
That was physically.
Yeah.
No, I get you.
I get you.
Um, it could be worse.
I mean, remember Indiana Jones son was played by none other than Sheila.
Uh, imagine, Hey, let's see.
That looks like a young, young Harrison Ford.
Let's use him as a young Harrison Ford in this movie.
Half day.
All right.
I'm sorry.
But as far as I'm concerned, that fourth Indiana Jones movie doesn't even exist.
Yeah.
I mean, no, I think I heard they were going to do another, they are doing another one.
And aren't they doing with a, with a female protagonist like Harrison Ford's in it.
But this time I thought there was a female protagonist for the last one, a daughter or
a niece or something.
That was his love interest from the first movie.
No, it was really, Oh, maybe I'm thinking of the female villain.
I thought there was a female villain.
Cate Blanchett was the villain.
Wouldn't she?
Yeah.
I might be mixing it up with Thor, but anyway, anyway.
Oh, well, uh, before I, uh, you know, uh, clear up the line so someone else can, uh,
call in.
Yep.
Uh, now it, at least in passing during, um, the classic game of the week, uh, you have
briefly meant, uh, I think, uh, Doc Sorkin had briefly mentioned, uh, 1942 or 1943.
Rob mentioned it because it had stuff in common with SkyShark by planes.
Yeah.
Which reminds me, I think, uh, 1942, 1943 and 1943 Chi are in, um, Capcom arcade cabinets.
Um, it technically is an older game, but it's new to me because I just recently got an Xbox
360 for the second time and I just tried, tried, uh, recently picked up, uh, uh, cap
count.
I'm also pretty sure that game is part of that infinite Microsoft library collection
thing.
I think that game is in there.
So yeah, those two games are, and correct me if I'm wrong, Jamie, there was a 1941 at
some point too, but that was like on a later system or something.
Yeah.
It wasn't like the NES.
And at a 45.
Was it 45?
I thought there was a 41.
I have to go back and look and see what's on the, um, the Capcom collection that I've
got on Saturn, but we've got like the 1940s, blah, blah.
That's true.
The one that's on Xbox, uh, Xbox 360 slash PlayStation three.
That's not the first, uh, that they've done to that, but that, uh, that makes sense.
Yeah.
So that's the first time some people are discovering it.
Well, uh, you know, no, like I said, well, I play some of these games, uh, during this
collection on other systems in the past.
Uh, um, I think there was collections for, uh, like PlayStation two and whatnot, but
I've just recently got this collection for, uh, the 360 and, uh, at least in my opinion,
you know, a pretty good collection.
Uh, have any of you tried this particular collection on the 360 or no?
I have.
Um, I didn't, it was all kind of piecemeal, the games.
So I didn't play all of the games, but I did play that back when it first came out.
And, um, yeah, it was a good way to revisit some of the, you know, classics that are on
ultra-cade machines and things like that, including like, I think gun dot smoke was
in there.
I seem to remember, uh, the Hijomaru, the pirate game, the old, uh, Hige Maru, that's
it.
Uh, that was there too.
And, uh, yeah, several games, by the way, I wanted to point out, I pulled this up to,
to figure this out.
So here's the complete 19XX series by Capcom, 1942, 1943, which then had 1943 cops.
1941.
And then there was straight up a 19XX, the war against destiny, which was great.
There was 1944, the loop master.
And then they came all the way back and did 1942 joint strike.
That's the last one that they did.
And 1942 joint strike was an Xbox 360 arcade game.
So it was kind of like a re envisioning of the original 1942.
Yeah.
And joint strike was also on PSN.
Um, yep.
I, I remember having that on PSN when I saw on the PlayStation three, you know, I particularly
enjoyed that one.
So it's a solid series of shooters.
I'm glad people can discover it no matter, uh, how the way.
So, all right.
Well, space, uh, rage nator.
I'm gonna let you go.
Okay.
Take care.
Sure.
Have a nice night.
You too.
All right.
Uh, we'll see if any more calls sneak through orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
I used to play 1942 at the yogurt shop.
They had the cocktail cabinet and it was 1942.
I love cocktail cabinets.
They're not appreciated enough.
We don't see them anymore.
I just had a mental flash to what was in my arcade at my college.
Right when you walk in the door, you had dark stalkers.
Yeah.
Which they upgraded to a vampire savior before I moved out.
Then we had, um, fatal fury special.
We had a favorite riding DX.
We had killer instinct, which my friend Marcy and I would just like, just hand people their asses all day.
Um, we had world cup soccer 94, which is why I own one now in my house with the color led nonetheless.
Oh, we Dan found that one of our ramps, uh, need needs work.
He's talking about getting the brass plated ramp.
Oh, fun.
Okay.
So we, we had a discussion about that.
We had cyber sled.
You remember cyber sled?
I do.
We had, um, crap.
Oh, we had a street fighter alpha last call orange launch radio, all one word on Skype.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to.
Oh, I thought you said we had a caller.
Sorry.
I was getting that last thought out there.
I'm trying to remember what else we had.
Cause Oh, we had a, um, crap.
What was the, the SNK game that had Rio and mr karate?
Was that world heroes?
Not world heroes.
Art of fighting.
Uh, I, I still do distinctly remember here at Sac state going into the arcade there in
the mid nineties when I was in like junior high and they had street fighter two and it
was always like off the hook.
I went to an arcade this week.
I went to the golf land, play all their, the, see the latest in redemption technology.
They have some really ridiculous games there, but there was a giant Tetris.
Uh, I didn't see the giant Tetris.
I saw they have like the stupid, like, like redemption machines have gotten so huge now.
Like they take up all the space.
Like they have one that like is almost, it's like at least eight feet tall and it drops
a ball into a hole.
I'm like, you don't need that.
Cause like you would literally walk around the corner and they have a smaller version
of that ground.
One of those.
Yeah.
But, um, I did see they had a star Wars arcade game that was in like a cockpit type thing.
The one that starts off on the hoth battle.
I don't know, but it's like projected onto a big sphere.
Yeah, that actually is pretty fun.
It reminds me a little bit of battle tech.
I certainly have the kids to play with anyone to the battle technique.
I did respect though that Nintendo and Namco and whoever else makes the Mario Kart GX games
is smart enough to know that, Hey, the kids that might be interested in your games can't
always reach the foot pedals.
And so if the foot pedal isn't pressed, it goes in the auto acceleration, which is fantastic.
I was like, that's an absolutely amazing feature that not anybody really thinks about.
So I wish more games did that.
All right.
Well, no more calls came in, so we're going to wrap up the show.
Thank you guys so much for listening to the show this week, especially cause I know there
was a lot else going on in the world tonight.
Live.
I'm sure a lot of you are catching up with the podcast feed though, and that's cool too.
Don't forget to check into the show.
There was a passphrase that you would have heard at some point during the show earlier.
Don't forget to punch that in over at vognetwork.com and get yourself some points for what?
Cause cause they're points.
Don't you want to be cool and have points?
Yeah.
Anyway, all the cool kids have points.
That's right.
All the cool kids have points.
So check that out over at vognetwork.com and uh, Hey, if you liked what you heard here
at the show, uh, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if the voices are here to, uh, amplify
a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Google or wherever it is you found this
show is greatly appreciated.
So we will be back to do this again in seven days, which, uh, is not yet a long weekend.
We have a long weekend in two weeks, but, uh, cause president's day is coming up.
So, uh, yeah, but next weekend, next week is just any old weekend.
Uh, but we'll be here to do it again and cover whatever news comes out until then.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Um, I'll start with my final thought.
My final thought is I'm still finding lots of pumpkin spice stuff.
I have some pumpkin spice almonds I was eating earlier and they're not bad for almonds.
For almonds.
Anyway.
Uh, Jamie, since you have the mic, your final thought.
I miss pinkberry and I really want some.
Can you have like a little bit?
I can have a mini mini.
There you go.
And last one to get the sample and walk out.
And last but not least, Loki.
They needed like a pumpkin spice equivalent for like other seasons.
So then that way they can flood the shelves with that sorta.
They got red velvet seems to show up around this time of year.
You know what, you know, if you want kind of the pumpkin spice flavor in spring, they
should do carrot cake.
I've seen that around Easter that remember the carrot cake M&M's.
You know, that was an Easter thing.
Well, I mean, you know, carrot cake is like my favorite cake in the universe as long as
there's no fucking raisins in it because raisins are liars and terrible things.
Okay.
I feel about raisins the way you feel about mayonnaise.
That's fine.
That's a harsh statement.
Actually I feel about ketchup and mustard the same way, but I will say there's been
one dish I've enjoyed raisins in and that is the salad that they serve at strings.
The garbage.
Well, okay.
It's good in the garbage too.
Raisin bran.
But no, raisin bran is disgusting.
I only eat the cereal out of the raisin bran.
I would pick out all the raisins, throw them away and just eat the cereal.
Interesting.
But keep in mind when I was a kid, I ate grape nuts and total.
Grape nuts are fucking good.
Total is gross.
I love me some total.
But you know, you know.
Okay.
Delicious winter time.
Wonderfulness.
And I miss eating it.
Total makes me think of colon blow from early Saturday night live.
I also like crackling oat bran.
But, um, you take, you take your, um, your grape nuts and do maybe half as much milk
and you add, um, cinnamon icing after you heat it, after you heat it up.
My favorite old people breakfast cereal is like, it's not frosted mini wheats.
It's just the fucking giant wheat.
Like the one giant square.
The biscuit.
Yeah.
It's like this ain't a mini wheat.
This is the wheat.
And it ain't frosted.
You can get, you can get wheat a bit cause it's almost the same thing.
Oh, okay.
The British thing.
But I mean, frosted mini wheats though are probably my favorite ever cereal.
Uh, Crispix.
So if I have to eat like a normal cereal.
Kids love that shit.
That's not sugar coated.
It has life cereal while I can't eat it.
And I'm mad.
What an asshole.
I know, right?
Why did I marry an ass?
Not because, I mean, probably because he is an asshole.
Love you, Dan.
Anyway, enjoy your breakfast cereal this week and we will be-
Did you do a final thought?
I thought so.
I will just say we did.
Okay.
Then that's it.
Let's go get some cereal, Rob.
We're out.
Yes.
Seriously.
Ah.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.